DCC_ID	GENERIC_NAME	CAS_REGISTRY_NUMBER	FORMULA	TYPE	GROUPS	MOLECULAR_WEIGHT	INDICATION	PHARMACOLOGY	ACTION_MECHANISM
DCC1838	Methyclothiazide	CAS:135-07-9	C9H11Cl2N3O4S2	small molecule	approved	360.2373	For use in the management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effect of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension. Also used as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy.	A thiazide diuretic with properties similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide.	Methyclothiazide appears to block the active reabsorption of chloride and possibly sodium in the ascending loop of Henle, altering electrolyte transfer in the proximal tubule. This results in excretion of sodium, chloride, and water and, hence, diuresis. As a diuretic, methyclothiazide inhibits active chloride reabsorption at the early distal tubule via the Na-Cl cotransporter, resulting in an increase in the excretion of sodium, chloride, and water. Thiazides like methyclothiazide also inhibit sodium ion transport across the renal tubular epithelium through binding to the thiazide sensitive sodium-chloride transporter. This results in an increase in potassium excretion via the sodium-potassium exchange mechanism. The antihypertensive mechanism of methyclothiazide is less well understood although it may be mediated through its action on carbonic anhydrases in the smooth muscle or through its action on the large-conductance calcium-activated potassium (KCa) channel, also found in the smooth muscle.
DCC0413	Garenoxacin	CAS:194804-75-6	C23H20F2N2O4. CH4SO3. H2O	small molecule	approved	426.41	For the treatment of Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacterial infections.	Garenoxacin, a des-F(6)-quinolone with a difluoromethoxy substituent at C-8, lacks the classical C-6 fluorine previously believed to be essential for the enhanced potency of recent generations of fluoroquinolones. Garenoxacin has a broad spectrum of activity (10, 25), in particular against gram-positive bacteria, including enterococci and some atypical bacteria.	
DCC0520	Betaine	CAS:107-43-7	C5H11NO2	small molecule	approved	117.1463	Abnormally low levels of potassium	Betaine in chemistry is any neutral chemical compound with a positively charged cationic functional group such as a quaternary ammonium or phosphonium cation which bears no hydrogen atom and with a negatively charged functional group such as a carboxylate group which may not be adjacent to the cationic site.	This medication is used to treat high levels of a certain important body chemical (homocysteine) due to an inherited disorder (homocystinuria). Decreasing high homocysteine levels may help prevent serious blood clots, abnormal bone formation, brittle bones (osteoporosis), and eye problems (e.g., dislocated eye lens, nearsightedness). This medication works by decreasing blood levels of homocysteine.
DCC0639	Atrasentan	CAS:173937-91-2	C29H38N2O6. HCl	small molecule	approved	547.0828	Bone pain due to metastatic prostate cancer	Atrasentan, a selective endothelin A receptor antagonist, further reduced albuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes who were already receiving maximum tolerated doses of inhibitors of the renin-angiotensin system, researchers found.	Atrasentan is an experimental drug that is being studied for the treatment of various types of cancer, including non-small cell lung cancer as an endothelin receptor antagonist selective for subtype A (ETA).
DCC0029	Lovastatin	CAS:75330-75-5	C24H36O5	small molecule	approved	404.5396	For management as an adjunct to diet to reduce elevated total-C, LDL-C, apo B, and TG levels in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia. For primary prevention of coronary heart disease and to slow progression of coronary atherosclerosis in patients with coronary heart disease.	The primary cause of cardiovascular disease is atherosclerotic plaque formation. Sustained elevations of cholesterol in the blood increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. Lovastatin lowers hepatic cholesterol synthesis by competitively inhibiting HMG-CoA reductase, the enzyme that catalyzes the rate-limiting step in the cholesterol biosynthesis pathway via the mevalonic acid pathway. Decreased hepatic cholesterol levels causes increased uptake of low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and reduces cholesterol levels in the circulation. At therapeutic doses, lovastatin decreases serum LDL cholesterol by 29-32%, increases high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol by 4.6-7.3%, and decrease triglyceride levels by 2-12%. HDL cholesterol is thought to confer protective effects against CV disease, whereas high LDL and triglyceride levels are associated with higher risk of disease.	Lovastatin is structurally similar to the HMG, a substituent of the endogenous substrate of HMG-CoA reductase. Lovastatin is a prodrug that is activated <i>in vivo</i> via hydrolysis of the lactone ring to form the ¿_-hydroxyacid. The hydrolyzed lactone ring mimics the tetrahedral intermediate produced by the reductase allowing the agent to bind to HMG-CoA reductase with 20,000 times greater affinity than its natural substrate. The bicyclic portion of lovastatin binds to the coenzyme A portion of the active site.
DCC0030	Nevirapine	CAS:129618-40-2	C15H14N4O	small molecule	approved	266.2979	For use in combination with other antiretroviral drugs in the ongoing treatment of HIV-1 infection.	Nevirapine is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (nNRTI) with activity against Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1). HIV-2 RT and eukaryotic DNA polymerases (such as human DNA polymerases alpha, beta, or sigma) are not inhibited by nevirapine. Nevirapine is, in general, only prescribed after the immune system has declined and infections have become evident. It is always taken with at least one other HIV medication such as Retrovir or Videx. The virus can develop resistance to nevirapine if the drug is taken alone, although even if used properly, nevirapine is effective for only a limited time.	"Nevirapine binds directly to reverse transcriptase (RT) and blocks the RNA-dependent and DNA-dependent DNA polymerase activities by causing a disruption of the enzyme's catalytic site. The activity of nevirapine does not compete with template or nucleoside triphosphates."
DCC0031	Butalbital	CAS:77-26-9	C11H16N2O3	small molecule	approved	224.2563	Used in combination with acetaminophen or aspirin and caffeine for its sedative and relaxant effects in the treatment of tension headaches, migraines, and pain.	Butalbital is a short to intermediate-acting barbiturate. Barbiturates act as nonselective depressants of the central nervous system (CNS), capable of producing all levels of CNS mood alteration from excitation to mild sedation, hypnosis, and deep coma. In sufficiently high therapeutic doses, barbiturates induce anesthesia.	Butalbital binds at a distinct binding site associated with a Cl<sup>-</sup> ionopore at the GABA<sub>A</sub> receptor, increasing the duration of time for which the Cl<sup>-</sup> ionopore is open. The post-synaptic inhibitory effect of GABA in the thalamus is, therefore, prolonged.
DCC0032	Phenytoin	CAS:57-41-0	C15H12N2O2	small molecule	approved	252.268	For the control of generalized tonic-clonic (grand mal) and complex partial (psychomotor, temporal lobe) seizures and prevention and treatment of seizures occurring during or following neurosurgery.	Phenytoin is an antiepileptic drug which can be useful in the treatment of epilepsy. The primary site of action appears to be the motor cortex where spread of seizure activity is inhibited. Phenytoin reduces the maximal activity of brain stem centers responsible for the tonic phase of tonic-clonic (grand mal) seizures. Phenytoin acts to dampen the unwanted, runaway brain activity seen in seizure by reducing electrical conductance among brain cells. It lacks the sedation effects associated with phenobarbital. There are some indications that phenytoin has other effects, including anxiety control and mood stabilization, although it has never been approved for those purposes by the FDA. Phenytoin is primarily metabolized by CYP2C9.	Phenytoin acts on sodium channels on the neuronal cell membrane, limiting the spread of seizure activity and reducing seizure propagation. By promoting sodium efflux from neurons, phenytoin tends to stabilize the threshold against hyperexcitability caused by excessive stimulation or environmental changes capable of reducing membrane sodium gradient. This includes the reduction of post-tetanic potentiation at synapses. Loss of post-tetanic potentiation prevents cortical seizure foci from detonating adjacent cortical areas.
DCC0033	Clotrimazole	CAS:23593-75-1	C22H17ClN2	small molecule	approved	344.837	"For the local treatment of oropharyngeal candidiasis and vaginal yeast infections, also used in fungal infections of the skin such as ringworm, athlete's foot, and jock itch."	Clotrimazole, an imidazole derivative with a broad spectrum of antimycotic activity, inhibits biosynthesis of the sterol ergostol, an important component of fungal cell membranes. Its action leads to increased membrane permeability and apparent disruption of enzyme systems bound to the membrane. Betamethasone and clotrimazole are used together to treat cutaneous tinea infections. In studies in fungal cultures, the minimum fungicidal concentration of clotrimazole caused leakage of intracellular phosphorous compounds into the ambient medium with concomitant breakdown of cellular nucleic acids, and accelerated potassium etflux. Both of these events began rapidly and extensively after addition of the drug to the cultures. The primary action of clotrimazole is against dividing and growing organisms.	Clotrimazole interacts with yeast 14-alpha demethylase, a cytochrome P-450 enzyme that converts lanosterol to ergosterol, an essential component of the membrane. In this way, clotrimazole inhibits ergosterol synthesis, resulting in increased cellular permeability. Clotrimazole may also inhibit endogenous respiration, interact with membrane phospholipids, inhibit the transformation of yeasts to mycelial forms and the uptake of purine, impair triglyceride and/or phospholipid biosynthesis, and inhibit the movement of calcium and potassium ions across the cell membrane by blocking the ion transport pathway known as the Gardos channel.
DCC0035	Sulfisoxazole	CAS:127-69-5	C11H13N3O3S	small molecule	approved	267.304	For the treatment of severe, repeated, or long-lasting urinary tract infections, meningococcal meningitis, acute otitis media, trachoma, inclusion conjunctivitis, nocardiosis, chancroid, toxoplasmosis, malaria and other bacterial infections.	Sulfisoxazole is a sulfonamide antibiotic. The sulfonamides are synthetic bacteriostatic antibiotics with a wide spectrum against most gram-positive and many gram-negative organisms. However, many strains of an individual species may be resistant. Sulfonamides inhibit multiplication of bacteria by acting as competitive inhibitors of <i>p</i>-aminobenzoic acid in the folic acid metabolism cycle. Bacterial sensitivity is the same for the various sulfonamides, and resistance to one sulfonamide indicates resistance to all. Most sulfonamides are readily absorbed orally. However, parenteral administration is difficult, since the soluble sulfonamide salts are highly alkaline and irritating to the tissues. The sulfonamides are widely distributed throughout all tissues. High levels are achieved in pleural, peritoneal, synovial, and ocular fluids. Although these drugs are no longer used to treat meningitis, CSF levels are high in meningeal infections. Their antibacterial action is inhibited by pus.	Sulfisoxazole is a competitive inhibitor of the enzyme dihydropteroate synthetase. It inhibits bacterial synthesis of dihydrofolic acid by preventing the condensation of the pteridine with para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA), a substrate of the enzyme dihydropteroate synthetase. The inhibited reaction is necessary in these organisms for the synthesis of folic acid.
DCC0036	Metoprolol	CAS:37350-58-6	C15H25NO3	small molecule	approved	267.3639	For the management of acute myocardial infarction, angina pectoris, heart failure and mild to moderate hypertension. May be used to treat supraventricular and tachyarrhythmias and as prophylaxis for migraine headaches.	Metoprolol, a competitive, beta1-selective (cardioselective) adrenergic antagonist, is similar to atenolol in its moderate lipid solubility, lack of intrinsic sympathomimetic activity (ISA), and weak membrane stabilizing activity (MSA).	Metoprolol competes with adrenergic neurotransmitters such as catecholamines for binding at beta(1)-adrenergic receptors in the heart. Beta(1)-receptor blockade results in a decrease in heart rate, cardiac output, and blood pressure.
DCC0037	Topiramate	CAS:97240-79-4	C12H21NO8S	small molecule	approved	339.362	Used for the treatment and control of partial seizures and severe tonic-clonic (grand mal) seizures and also for the prevention of migraine headaches. In children it is also used for treatment of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Qsymia¿¿ is indicated for the treatment and management of obesity.	Topiramate is an anticonvulsant indicated in the treatment of epilepsy and migraine. Topiramate enhances GABA-activated chloride channels. In addition, topiramate inhibits excitatory neurotransmission, through actions on kainate and AMPA receptors. There is evidence that topiramate has a specific effect on GluR5 kainate receptors. It is also an inhibitor of carbonic anhydrase, particular subtypes II and IV, but this action is weak and unlikely to be related to its anticonvulsant actions, but may account for the bad taste and the development of renal stones seen during treatment. Its possible effect as a mood stabilizer seems to occur before anticonvulsant qualities at lower dosages. Topiramate inhibits maximal electroshock and pentylenetetrazol-induced seizures as well as partial and secundarily generalized tonic-clonic seizures in the kindling model, findings predective of a broad spectrum of antiseizure activities clinically.	The precise mechanism of action of topiramate is not known. However, studies have shown that topiramate blocks the action potentials elicited repetitively by a sustained depolarization of the neurons in a time-dependent manner, suggesting a state-dependent sodium channel blocking action. Topiramate also augments the activity of the neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyrate (GABA) at some subtypes of the GABA<sub>A</sub> receptor (controls an integral chloride channel), indicating a possible mechanism through potentiation of the activity of GABA. Topiramate also demonstrates antagonism of the AMPA/kainate subtype of the glutamate excitatory amino acid receptor. It also inhibits carbonic anhydrase (particularly isozymes II and IV), but this action is weak and unlikely to be related to its anticonvulsant actions.
DCC0034	Cycloserine	CAS:68-41-7	C3H6N2O2	small molecule	approved	102.0919	Used in combination with up to 5 other drugs as a treatment for Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) and is also used to treat tuberculosis (TB).	Cycloserine, a broad-spectrum antibiotic, may be bactericidal or bacteriostatic, depending on its concentration at the site of infection and the susceptibility of the organism. Cycloserine works by blocking the formation of these peptidoglycans. By doing this the walls of the bacteria become weak and it results in the death of the bacteria	Cycloserine is an analog of the amino acid D-alanine. It interferes with an early step in bacterial cell wall synthesis in the cytoplasm by competitive inhibition of two enzymes, L-alanine racemase, which forms D-alanine from L-alanine, and D-alanylalanine synthetase, which incorporates D-alanine into the pentapeptide necessary for peptidoglycan formation and bacterial cell wall synthesis.
DCC0038	Olmesartan	CAS:144689-63-4	C24H26N6O3	small molecule	approved	446.5016	For the treatment of hypertension.	Olmesartan is a specific angiotensin II type 1 (AT1) receptor antagonist, which blocks the blood pressure increasing effects of angiotensin II via the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS). During sympathetic stimulation or when renal blood pressure or blood flow is reduced, renin is released from granular cells of the juxtaglomerular apparatus in the kidneys. Renin cleaves circulating angiotensinogen to angiotensin I, which is cleaved by angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) to angiotensin II. Angiotensin II increases blood pressure by increasing total peripheral resistance, increasing sodium and water reabsorption in the kidneys via aldosterone secretion, and altering cardiovascular structure. Angiotensin II binds to two receptors: AT1 and AT2. AT1 is a G-protein coupled receptor (GPCR) that mediates the vasoconstrictive and aldosterone-secreting effects of angiotensin II. Angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) are non-peptide competitive inhibitors of AT1. ARBs block the ability of angiotensin II to stimulate pressor and cell proliferative effects. Unlike ACE inhibitors, ARBs do not affect bradykinin-induced vasodilation. The overall effect of ARBs is a decrease in blood pressure.	Olmesartan is an ARB that selectively inhibits the binding of angiotensin II to AT1, which is found in many tissues such as vascular smooth muscle and the adrenal glands. This effectively inhibits the AT1-mediated vasoconstrictive and aldosterone-secreting effects of angiotensin II and results in a decrease in vascular resistance and blood pressure. Olmesartan is selective for AT1 and has a 12,500 times greater affinity for AT1 than the AT2 receptor. Also unlike the well-known ARB losartan, olmesartan does not have an active metabolite or possess uricosuric effects.
DCC0039	Theophylline	CAS:58-55-9	C7H8N4O2	small molecule	approved	180.164	For the treatment of the symptoms and reversible airflow obstruction associated with chronic asthma and other chronic lung diseases, such as emphysema and chronic bronchitis.	Theophylline, an xanthine derivative chemically similar to caffeine and theobromine, is used to treat asthma and bronchospasm. Theophylline has two distinct actions in the airways of patients with reversible (asthmatic) obstruction; smooth muscle relaxation (i.e., bronchodilation) and suppression of the response of the airways to stimuli (i.e., non-bronchodilator prophylactic effects).	Theophylline relaxes the smooth muscle of the bronchial airways and pulmonary blood vessels and reduces airway responsiveness to histamine, methacholine, adenosine, and allergen. Theophylline competitively inhibits type III and type IV phosphodiesterase (PDE), the enzyme responsible for breaking down cyclic AMP in smooth muscle cells, possibly resulting in bronchodilation. Theophylline also binds to the adenosine A2B receptor and blocks adenosine mediated bronchoconstriction. In inflammatory states, theophylline activates histone deacetylase to prevent transcription of inflammatory genes that require the acetylation of histones for transcription to begin.
DCC0040	Lidocaine	CAS:137-58-6	C14H22N2O	small molecule	approved	234.3373	For production of local or regional anesthesia by infiltration techniques such as percutaneous injection and intravenous regional anesthesia by peripheral nerve block techniques such as brachial plexus and intercostal and by central neural techniques such as lumbar and caudal epidural blocks.	Lidocaine is an anesthetic agent indicated for production of local or regional anesthesia and in the treatment of ventricular tachycardia occurring during cardiac manipulation, such as surgery or catheterization, or which may occur during acute myocardial infarction, digitalis toxicity, or other cardiac diseases. The mode of action of the antiarrhythmic effect of Lidocaine appears to be similar to that of procaine, procainamide and quinidine. Ventricular excitability is depressed and the stimulation threshold of the ventricle is increased during diastole. The sinoatrial node is, however, unaffected. In contrast to the latter 3 drugs, Lidocaine in therapeutic doses does not produce a significant decrease in arterial pressure or in cardiac contractile force. In larger doses, lidocaine may produce circulatory depression, but the magnitude of the change is less than that found with comparable doses of procainamide.	Lidocaine stabilizes the neuronal membrane by inhibiting the ionic fluxes required for the initiation and conduction of impulses thereby effecting local anesthetic action. Lidocaine alters signal conduction in neurons by blocking the fast voltage gated sodium (Na+) channels in the neuronal cell membrane that are responsible for signal propagation. With sufficient blockage the membrane of the postsynaptic neuron will not depolarize and will thus fail to transmit an action potential. This creates the anaesthetic effect by not merely preventing pain signals from propagating to the brain but by aborting their birth in the first place.
DCC0041	Clemastine	CAS:15686-51-8	C21H26ClNO	small molecule	approved	343.89	For the relief of symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis such as sneezing, rhinorrhea, pruritus and acrimation. Also for the management of mild, uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema. Used as self-medication for temporary relief of symptoms associated with the common cold.	Clemastine is an antihistamine with anticholinergic (drying) and sedative side effects. Antihistamines competitively antagonize various physiological effects of histamine including increased capillary permeability and dilatation, the formation of edema, the flare and itch response, and gastrointestinal and respiratory smooth muscle constriction. Within the vascular tree, H1- receptor antagonists inhibit both the vasoconstrictor and vasodilator effects of histamine. Depending on the dose, H1- receptor antagonists can produce CNS stimulation or depression. Most antihistamines exhibit central and/or peripheral anticholinergic activity. Antihistamines act by competitively blocking H1- receptor sites. Antihistamines do not pharmacologically antagonize or chemically inactivate histamine, nor do they prevent the release of histamine.	Clemastine is a selective histamine H1 antagonist and binds to the histamine H1 receptor. This blocks the action of endogenous histamine, which subsequently leads to temporary relief of the negative symptoms brought on by histamine.
DCC0042	Etonogestrel	CAS:54048-10-1	C22H28O2	small molecule	approved	324.4565	For use as a female contraceptive (depot).	"Etonogestrel is used as a female contraceptive. Etonogestrel is a progestin or a synthetic form of the naturally occurring female sex hormone, progesterone. In a woman's normal menstrual cycle, an egg matures and is released from the ovaries (ovulation). The ovary then produces progesterone, preventing the release of further eggs and priming the lining of the womb for a possible pregnancy. If pregnancy occurs, progesterone levels in the body remain high, maintaining the womb lining. If pregnancy does not occur, progesterone levels in the body fall, resulting in a menstrual period. Etonogestrel tricks the body processes into thinking that ovulation has already occurred, by maintaining high levels of the synthetic progesterone. This prevents the release of eggs from the ovaries."	Etonogestrel binds to the progesterone and estrogen receptors. Target cells include the female reproductive tract, the mammary gland, the hypothalamus, and the pituitary. Once bound to the receptor, progestins like etonogestrel will slow the frequency of release of gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) from the hypothalamus and blunt the pre-ovulatory LH (luteinizing hormone) surge.
DCC0054	Nitroprusside	CAS:15078-28-1	C5FeN6O	small molecule	approved	215.938	For immediate reduction of blood pressure of patients in hypertensive crises, reduce bleeding during surgery, and for the treatment of acute congestive heart failure	Nitroprusside a powerful vasodilator relaxes the vascular smooth muscle and produce consequent dilatation of peripheral arteries and veins. Other smooth muscle (e.g., uterus, duodenum) is not affected. Sodium nitroprusside is more active on veins than on arteries.	One molecule of sodium nitroprusside is metabolized by combination with hemoglobin to produce one molecule of cyanmethemoglobin and four CN- ions; methemoglobin, obtained from hemoglobin, can sequester cyanide as cyanmethemoglobin; thiosulfate reacts with cyanide to produce thiocyanate; thiocyanate is eliminated in the urine; cyanide not otherwise removed binds to cytochromes. Cyanide ion is normally found in serum; it is derived from dietary substrates and from tobacco smoke. Cyanide binds avidly (but reversibly) to ferric ion, most body stores of which are found in erythrocyte methemoglobin (metHgb) and in mitochondrial cytochromes. When CN is infused or generated within the bloodstream, essentially all of it is bound to methemoglobin until intraerythrocytic methemoglobin has been saturated.Once activated to NO, it activates guanylate cyclase in vascular smooth muscle and increases intracellular production of cGMP. cGMP stimulates calcium movement from the cytoplasm to the endoplasmic reticulum and reduces calcium available to bind with calmodulin. This eventually leads to vascular smooth muscle relaxation and vessel dilatation.
DCC0055	Indomethacin	CAS:53-86-1	C19H16ClNO4	small molecule	approved	357.788	For moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis including acute flares of chronic disease, ankylosing spondylitis, osteoarthritis, acute painful shoulder (bursitis and/or tendinitis) and acute gouty arthritis.	Indomethacin, a NSAIA, with analgesic and antipyretic properties exerts its pharmacological effects by inhibiting the synthesis of prostaglandins involved in pain, fever, and inflammation. Indomethacin inhibits the catalytic activity of the COX enzymes, the enzymes responsible for catalyzing the rate-limiting step in prostaglandin synthesis via the arachidonic acid pathway. Indomethacin is known to inhibit two well-characterized isoforms of COX, COX-1 and COX-2, with greater selectivity for COX-1. COX-1 is a constitutively expressed enzyme that is involved in gastric mucosal protection, platelet and kidney function. It catalyzes the conversion of arachidonic acid to prostaglandin (PG) G2 and PGG2 to PGH2. COX-1 is involved in the synthesis pathways of PGE2, PGD2, PDF2a, PGI2 (also known as prostacyclin) and thromboxane A2 (TXA2). COX-2 is constitutively expressed and highly inducible by inflammatory stimuli. It is found in the central nervous system, kidneys, uterus and other organs. It also catalyzes the conversion of arachidonic acid to PGG2 and PGG2 to PGH2. In the COX-2-mediated pathway, PGH2 is subsequently converted to PGE2 and PGI2 (also known as prostacyclin). PGE2 is involved in mediating inflammation, pain and fever. Decreasing levels of PGE2 leads to decreased inflammation.	Indomethacin is a prostaglandin G/H synthase (also known as cyclooxygenase or COX) inhibitor that acts on both prostaglandin G/H synthase 1 and 2 (COX-1 and -2). Prostaglandin G/H synthase catalyzes the conversion of arachidonic acid to a number of prostaglandins involved in fever, pain, swelling, inflammation, and platelet aggregation. Indomethacin antagonizes COX by binding to the upper portion of the active site, preventing its substrate, arachidonic acid, from entering the active site. Indomethacin, unlike other NSAIDs, also inhibits phospholipase A2, the enzyme responsible for releasing arachidonic acid from phospholipids. Indomethacin is more selective for COX-1 than COX-2, which accounts for its increased adverse gastric effects relative to other NSAIDs. COX-1 is required for maintaining the protective gastric mucosal layer. The analgesic, antipyretic and anti-inflammatory effects of indomethacin occur as a result of decreased prostaglandin synthesis. Its antipyretic effects may be due to action on the hypothalamus, resulting in an increased peripheral blood flow, vasodilation, and subsequent heat dissipation.
DCC0056	Ethambutol	CAS:74-55-5	C10H24N2O2	small molecule	approved	204.3098	For use, as an adjunct, in the treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis.	Ethambutol is an oral chemotherapeutic agent which is specifically effective against actively growing microorganisms of the genus Mycobacterium, including <i>M. tuberculosis</i>. Ethambutol inhibits RNA synthesis and decreases tubercle bacilli replication. Nearly all strains of <i>M. tuberculosis</i> and <i>M. kansasii</i> as well as a number of strains of MAC are sensitive to ethambutol.	Ethambutol inhibits arabinosyl transferases which is involved in cell wall biosynthesis. By inhibiting this enzyme, the bacterial cell wall complex production is inhibited. This leads to an increase in cell wall permeability.
DCC0057	Metformin	CAS:657-24-9	C4H11N5	small molecule	approved	129.1636	For use as an adjunct to diet and exercise in adult patients (18 years and older) with NIDDM. May also be used for the management of metabolic and reproductive abnormalities associated with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Jentadueto is for the treatment of patients when both linagliptin and metformin is appropriate.	Metformin is an oral antihyperglycemic agent that improves glucose tolerance in patients with NIDDM, lowering both basal and postprandial plasma glucose. Metformin is not chemically or pharmacologically related to any other class of oral antihyperglycemic agents. Unlike sulfonylureas, metformin does not produce hypoglycemia in either patients with NIDDM or healthy subjects and does not cause hyperinsulinemia. Metformin does not affect insulin secretion.	"Metformin's mechanisms of action differ from other classes of oral antihyperglycemic agents. Metformin decreases blood glucose levels by decreasing hepatic glucose production, decreasing intestinal absorption of glucose, and improving insulin sensitivity by increasing peripheral glucose uptake and utilization. These effects are mediated by the initial activation by metformin of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), a liver enzyme that plays an important role in insulin signaling, whole body energy balance, and the metabolism of glucose and fats. Activation of AMPK is required for metformin's inhibitory effect on the production of glucose by liver cells. Increased peripheral utilization of glucose may be due to improved insulin binding to insulin receptors. Metformin administration also increases AMPK activity in skeletal muscle. AMPK is known to cause GLUT4 deployment to the plasma membrane, resulting in insulin-independent glucose uptake. The rare side effect, lactic acidosis, is thought to be caused by decreased liver uptake of serum lactate, one of the substrates of gluconeogenesis. In those with healthy renal function, the slight excess is simply cleared. However, those with severe renal impairment may accumulate clinically significant serum lactic acid levels. Other conditions that may precipitate lactic acidosis include severe hepatic disease and acute/decompensated heart failure."
DCC0058	Ipratropium	CAS:60205-81-4	C20H30BrNO3	small molecule	approved	412.361	For maintenance treatment of bronchospasm associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema.	Ipratropium bromide, a synthetic ammonium compound structurally similar to atropine, is used as a bronchodilator in the management of cholinergic-mediated bronchospasm associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and in the treatment of rhinorrhea associated with the common cold or with allergic or nonallergic seasonal rhinitis.	Ipratropium bromide is an anticholinergic agent. It blocks muscarinic cholinergic receptors, without specificity for subtypes, resulting in a decrease in the formation of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP). Most likely due to actions of cGMP on intracellular calcium, this results in decreased contractility of smooth muscle.
DCC0059	Olanzapine	CAS:132539-06-1	C17H20N4S	small molecule	approved	312.432	For the acute and maintenance treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders, as well as acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes of bipolar 1 disorder. Intramuscular olanzapine is indicated for the rapid control of agitated patients.	Olanzapine, an atypical antipsychotic agent, is used to treat both negative and positive symptoms of schizophrenia, acute mania with bipolar disorder, agitation, and psychotic symptoms in dementia. Future uses may include the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder and severe behavioral disorders in autism. Structurally and pharmacologically similar to clozapine, olanzapine binds to alpha(1), dopamine, histamine H1, muscarinic, and serotonin type 2 (5-HT<sub>2</sub>) receptors.	"Olanzapine's antipsychotic activity is likely due to a combination of antagonism at D2 receptors in the mesolimbic pathway and 5HT2A receptors in the frontal cortex. Antagonism at D2 receptors relieves positive symptoms while antagonism at 5HT2A receptors relieves negative symptoms of schizophrenia."
DCC0060	Atenolol	CAS:29122-68-7	C14H22N2O3	small molecule	approved	266.3361	For the management of hypertention and long-term management of patients with angina pectoris	Atenolol, a competitive beta(1)-selective adrenergic antagonist, has the lowest lipid solubility of this drug class. Although it is similar to metoprolol, atenolol differs from pindolol and propranolol in that it does not have intrinsic sympathomimetic properties or membrane-stabilizing activity. Atenolol is used alone or with chlorthalidone in the management of hypertension and edema.	Like metoprolol, atenolol competes with sympathomimetic neurotransmitters such as catecholamines for binding at beta(1)-adrenergic receptors in the heart and vascular smooth muscle, inhibiting sympathetic stimulation. This results in a reduction in resting heart rate, cardiac output, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and reflex orthostatic hypotension. Higher doses of atenolol also competitively block beta(2)-adrenergic responses in the bronchial and vascular smooth muscles.
DCC0061	Omeprazole	CAS:73590-58-6	C17H19N3O3S	small molecule	approved	345.416	Omeprazole is indicated for the treatment of duodenal ulcers, benign gastric ulcers, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), heartburn and other symptoms associated with GERD, erosive esophagitis, and long-term treatment of pathological hypersecretory conditions like Zollinger-Ellison syndrome, multiple endocrine adenomas, and systemic mastocytosis.	After oral administration, the onset of the anti-secretory effect of omeprazole occurs within one hour and maximum effect occurring within two hours. At 24 hours, inhibition of secretion is approximately 50% of maximum and duration of inhibition lasts up to 72 hours. Although omeprazole has a very short plasma half-life, the anti-secretory effect lasts for a long time due to prolonged binding to parietal H+/K+ ATPase enzyme. When the drug has been discontinued, secretory activity will return to baseline over 3-5 days. The inhibitory effect of omeprazole on acid secretion increases with repeated once-daily dosing, reaching a plateau after four days. In studies involving more than 200 patients, serum gastrin levels increased during the first 1 to 2 weeks of once-daily administration of therapeutic doses of omeprazole in parallel with inhibition of acid secretion. Systemic effects of omeprazole in the CNS, cardiovascular and respiratory systems have not been found to date.	Omeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor that suppresses gastric acid secretion by specific inhibition of the H<sup>+</sup>/K<sup>+</sup>-ATPase in the gastric parietal cell. By acting specifically on the proton pump, omeprazole blocks the final step in acid production, thus reducing gastric acidity.
DCC0062	Pyrazinamide	CAS:98-96-4	C5H5N3O	small molecule	approved	123.1127	For the initial treatment of active tuberculosis in adults and children when combined with other antituberculous agents.	Pyrazinamide kills or stops the growth of certain bacteria that cause tuberculosis (TB). It is used with other drugs to treat tuberculosis. It is a highly specific agent and is active only against <i>Mycobacterium tuberculosis</i>. In vitro and in vivo, the drug is active only at a slightly acid pH. Pyrazinamie gets activated to Pyrazinoic acid in the bacilli where it interferes with fatty acid synthase FAS I. This interferes with the bacteriums ability to synthesize new fatty acids, required for growth and replication.	Pyrazinamide is an important sterilizing prodrug that shortens tuberculosis (TB) therapy. However, the mechanism of action of pyrazinamide is poorly understood because of its unusual properties. In literature it has been written that the pyrazinoic acid (POA), the active moiety of pyrazinamide, disrupted membrane energetics and inhibited membrane transport function at acid pH in <i>Mycobacterium tuberculosis</i>. The antimycobacterial activity appears to partly depend on conversion of the drug to POA. Susceptible strains of <i>M. tuberculosis</i> produce pyrazinamidase, an enzyme that deaminates pyrazinamide to POA, and the vitro susceptibility of a given strain of the organism appears to correspond to its pyrazinamidase activity. Experimental evidence suggests that pyrazinamide diffuses into <i>M. tuberculosis</i> in a passive manner, is converted into POA by pyrazinamidase, and because of an inefficient efflux system, accumulates in huge amounts in the bacterial cytoplasm. The accumulation of POA lowers the intracellular pH to a suboptimal level that is likely to inactivate a vital target enzyme such as fatty acid synthase. Recent studies (2007) demonstrated that pyrazinamide and its analogs inhibit the activity of purified FAS I.
DCC0063	Cetirizine	CAS:83881-51-0	C21H25ClN2O3	small molecule	approved	388.888	For the relief of symptoms associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis, perennial allergic rhinitis and the treatment of the uncomplicated skin manifestations of chronic idiopathic urticaria	Cetirizine, the active metabolite of the piperazine H<sub>1</sub>-receptor antagonist hydroxyzine, is used to treat chronic idiopathic urticaria, perennial allergic rhinitis, seasonal allergic rhinitis, allergic asthma, physical urticaria, and atopic dermatitis.	Cetirizine competes with histamine for binding at H<sub>1</sub>-receptor sites on the effector cell surface, resulting in suppression of histaminic edema, flare, and pruritus. The low incidence of sedation can be attributed to reduced penetration of cetirizine into the CNS as a result of the less lipophilic carboxyl group on the ethylamine side chain.
DCC0064	Diltiazem	CAS:42399-41-7	C22H26N2O4S	small molecule	approved	414.518	Diltiazem is used to treat hypertension (high blood pressure), angina (chest pain), and certain heart rhythm disorders.	"Diltiazem, a benzothiazepine calcium-channel blocker, is used alone or with an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor, to treat hypertension, chronic stable angina pectoris, and Prinzmetal's variant angina. Diltiazem is a non-dihydropyridine (DHP)member of the calcium channel blocker class, along with Verapamil. Diltiazem is similar to other peripheral vasodilators. Diltiazem inhibits the influx of extra cellular calcium across the myocardial and vascular smooth muscle cell membranes possibly by deforming the channel, inhibiting ion-control gating mechanisms, and/or interfering with the release of calcium from the sarcoplasmic reticulum. The decrease in intracellular calcium inhibits the contractile processes of the myocardial smooth muscle cells, causing dilation of the coronary and systemic arteries, increased oxygen delivery to the myocardial tissue, decreased total peripheral resistance, decreased systemic blood pressure, and decreased afterload."	Possibly by deforming the channel, inhibiting ion-control gating mechanisms, and/or interfering with the release of calcium from the sarcoplasmic reticulum, diltiazem, like verapamil, inhibits the influx of extracellular calcium across both the myocardial and vascular smooth muscle cell membranes. The resultant inhibition of the contractile processes of the myocardial smooth muscle cells leads to dilation of the coronary and systemic arteries and improved oxygen delivery to the myocardial tissue.
DCC0065	Aztreonam	CAS:78110-38-0	C13H17N5O8S2	small molecule	approved	435.433	For the treatment of the following infections caused by susceptible gram-negative microorganisms: urinary tract infections, lower respiratory tract infections, septicemia, skin and skin-structure infections, intra-abdominal infections, and gynecologic infections.	Aztreonam is a monocyclic beta-lactam antibiotic (a monobactam) originally isolated from <i>Chromobacterium violaceum</i>. Aztreonam exhibits potent and specific activity in vitro against a wide spectrum of gram-negative aerobic pathogens including <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i>. It has no useful activity against gram-positive bacteria or anaerobes, but has very broad spectrum against gram-negative aerobes, including <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i>. This has given it the nickname the magic bullet for aerobic gram-negative bacteria. Aztreonam, unlike the majority of beta-lactam antibiotics, does not induce beta-lactamase activity and its molecular structure confers a high degree of resistance to hydrolysis by beta-lactamases (such as penicillinases and cephalosporinases) produced by most gram-negative and gram-positive pathogens; it is, therefore, usually active against gram-negative aerobic microorganisms that are resistant to antibiotics hydrolyzed by beta-lactamases. It is active against many strains that are multiply-resistant to other antibiotics, such as certain cephalosporins, penicillin, and aminoglycosides. Aztreonam maintains its antimicrobial activity over a pH range of 6 to 8 in vitro, as well as in the presence of human serum and under anaerobic conditions.	The bactericidal action of aztreonam results from the inhibition of bacterial cell wall synthesis due to a high affinity of aztreonam for penicillin binding protein 3 (PBP3). By binding to PBP3, aztreonam inhibits the third and last stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis. Cell lysis is then mediated by bacterial cell wall autolytic enzymes such as autolysins. It is possible that aztreonam interferes with an autolysin inhibitor.
DCC0043	Morphine	CAS:57-27-2	C17H19NO3	small molecule	approved	285.3377	For the relief and treatment of severe pain.	"Morphine is a narcotic pain management agent indicated for the relief of pain in patients who require opioid analgesics for more than a few days. Morphine interacts predominantly with the opioid mu-receptor. These mu-binding sites are discretely distributed in the human brain, with high densities in the posterior amygdala, hypothalamus, thalamus, nucleus caudatus, putamen, and certain cortical areas. They are also found on the terminal axons of primary afferents within laminae I and II (substantia gelatinosa) of the spinal cord and in the spinal nucleus of the trigeminal nerve. In clinical settings, morphine exerts its principal pharmacological effect on the central nervous system and gastrointestinal tract. Its primary actions of therapeutic value are analgesia and sedation. Morphine appears to increase the patient's tolerance for pain and to decrease discomfort, although the presence of the pain itself may still be recognized. In addition to analgesia, alterations in mood, euphoria and dysphoria, and drowsiness commonly occur. Opioids also produce respiratory depression by direct action on brain stem respiratory centers."	The precise mechanism of the analgesic action of morphine is unknown. However, specific CNS opiate receptors have been identified and likely play a role in the expression of analgesic effects. Morphine first acts on the mu-opioid receptors. The mechanism of respiratory depression involves a reduction in the responsiveness of the brain stem respiratory centers to increases in carbon dioxide tension and to electrical stimulation.It has been shown that morphine binds to and inhibits GABA inhibitory interneurons. These interneurons normally inhibit the descending pain inhibition pathway. So, without the inhibitory signals, pain modulation can proceed downstream.
DCC0044	Bupivacaine	CAS:2180-92-9	C18H28N2O	small molecule	approved	288.4277	For the production of local or regional anesthesia or analgesia for surgery, for oral surgery procedures, for diagnostic and therapeutic procedures, and for obstetrical procedures.	Bupivacaine is a widely used local anesthetic agent. Bupivacaine is often administered by spinal injection prior to total hip arthroplasty. It is also commonly injected into surgical wound sites to reduce pain for up to 20 hours after surgery. In comparison to other local anesthetics it has a long duration of action. It is also the most toxic to the heart when administered in large doses. This problem has led to the use of other long-acting local anaesthetics:ropivacaine and levobupivacaine. Levobupivacaine is a derivative, specifically an enantiomer, of bupivacaine. Systemic absorption of local anesthetics produces effects on the cardiovascular and central nervous systems. At blood concentrations achieved with therapeutic doses, changes in cardiac conduction, excitability, refractoriness, contractility, and peripheral vascular resistance are minimal. However, toxic blood concentrations depress cardiac conduction and excitability, which may lead to atrioventricular block, ventricular arrhythmias and to cardiac arrest, sometimes resulting in fatalities. In addition, myocardial contractility is depressed and peripheral vasodilation occurs, leading to decreased cardiac output and arterial blood pressure. Following systemic absorption, local anesthetics can produce central nervous system stimulation, depression or both.	Local anesthetics such as bupivacaine block the generation and the conduction of nerve impulses, presumably by increasing the threshold for electrical excitation in the nerve, by slowing the propagation of the nerve impulse, and by reducing the rate of rise of the action potential. Bupivacaine binds to the intracellular portion of sodium channels and blocks sodium influx into nerve cells, which prevents depolarization. In general, the progression of anesthesia is related to the diameter, myelination and conduction velocity of affected nerve fibers. Clinically, the order of loss of nerve function is as follows: (1) pain, (2) temperature, (3) touch, (4) proprioception, and (5) skeletal muscle tone. The analgesic effects of Bupivicaine are thought to potentially be due to its binding to the prostaglandin E2 receptors, subtype EP1 (PGE2EP1), which inhibits the production of prostaglandins, thereby reducing fever, inflammation, and hyperalgesia.
DCC0045	Tenofovir	CAS:147127-20-6	C9H14N5O4P	small molecule	approved	287.2123	Tenofovir is indicated in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in adults and pediatric patients 2 years of age and older. It is also indicated for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B in adults and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older.	Tenofovir belongs to a class of antiretroviral drugs known as nucleotide analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NtRTIs), which block reverse transcriptase, an enzyme crucial to viral production in HIV-infected people. Tenofovir is currently in late-stage clinical trials for the treatment of hepatitis B. Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate is an acyclic nucleoside phosphonate diester analog of adenosine monophosphate. Tenofovir requires initial diester hydrolysis for conversion to tenofovir and subsequent phosphorylations by cellular enzymes to form tenofovir diphosphate. Tenofovir diphosphate is a weak inhibitor of mammalian DNA polymerases alpha, beta, and mitochondrial DNA polymerase &gamma;.	"Tenofovir inhibits the activity of HIV reverse transcriptase by competing with the natural substrate deoxyadenosine 5&rsquo;-triphosphate and, after incorporation into DNA, by DNA chain termination. Specifically, the drugs are analogues of the naturally occurring deoxynucleotides  needed to synthesize the viral DNA and they compete with the natural deoxynucleotides for incorporation into the growing viral DNA chain. However, unlike the natural deoxynucleotides substrates, NRTIs and NTRTIs (nucleoside/tide reverse transcriptase inhibitors) lack a 3'-hydroxyl group on the deoxyribose moiety. As a result, following incorporation of an NRTI or an NtRTI, the next incoming deoxynucleotide cannot form the next 5'-3' phosphodiester  bond needed to extend the DNA chain. Thus, when an NRTI or NtRTI is incorporated, viral DNA synthesis is halted, a process known as chain termination. All NRTIs and NtRTIs are classified as competitive substrate inhibitors."
DCC0046	Mitomycin	CAS:50-07-7	C15H18N4O5	small molecule	approved	334.3272	For treatment of malignant neoplasm of lip, oral cavity, pharynx, digestive organs, peritoneum, female breast, and urinary bladder. Also used as an adjunct to ab externo glaucoma surgery.	Mitomycin is one of the older chemotherapy drugs, which has been around and in use for decades. It is an antibiotic which has been shown to have antitumor activity. Mitomycin selectively inhibits the synthesis of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA). The guanine and cytosine content correlates with the degree of mitomycin-induced cross-linking. At high concentrations of the drug, cellular RNA and protein synthesis are also suppressed. Mitomycin has been shown <i>in vitro</i> to inhibit B cell, T cell, and macrophage proliferation and impair antigen presentation, as well as the secretion of interferon gamma, TNFa, and IL-2.	Mitomycin is activated in vivo to a bifunctional and trifunctional alkylating agent. Binding to DNA leads to cross-linking and inhibition of DNA synthesis and function. Mitomycin is cell cycle phase-nonspecific.
DCC0047	Chlorthalidone	CAS:77-36-1	C14H11ClN2O4S	small molecule	approved	338.766	For management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effect of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension.	Chlorthalidone, a monosulfonamyl diuretic, differs form other thiazide diuretics in that a double ring system is incorporated into its structure. Chlorthalidone is used alone or with atenolol in the management of hypertension and edema.	Chlorthalidone inhibits sodium ion transport across the renal tubular epithelium in the cortical diluting segment of the ascending limb of the loop of Henle. By increasing the delivery of sodium to the distal renal tubule, Chlorthalidone indirectly increases potassium excretion via the sodium-potassium exchange mechanism.
DCC0048	Valproic Acid	CAS:99-66-1	C8H16O2	small molecule	approved	144.2114	For treatment and management of seizure disorders, mania, and prophylactic treatment of migraine headache. In epileptics, valproic acid is used to control absence seizures, tonic-clonic seizures (grand mal), complex partial seizures, and the seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome.	The relationship between plasma concentration and clinical response is not well documented. One contributing factor is the nonlinear, concentration dependent protein binding of valproate which affects the clearance of the drug. Thus, monitoring of total serum valproate cannot provide a reliable index of the bioactive valproate species. For patients with epilepsy, the therapeutic range is commonly considered to be 50 to 100 mcg/mL of total valproate. However, patients may be controlled at lower or higher doses.	"Valproic Acid dissociates to the valproate ion in the gastrointestinal tract and then binds to and inhibits GABA transaminase. The drug's anticonvulsant activity may be related to increased brain concentrations of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), an inhibitory neurotransmitter in the CNS, by inhibiting enzymes that catabolize GABA or block the reuptake of GABA into glia and nerve endings. Valproic Acid may also work by suppressing repetitive neuronal firing through inhibition of voltage-sensitive sodium channels. It is also a histone deacetylase inhibitor. Valproic acid has also been shown to be an inhibitor of an enzyme called histone deacetylase 1 (HDAC1). HDAC1 is needed for HIV to remain in infected cells. A study published in August 2005 revealed that patients treated with valproic acid in addition to highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) showed a 75% reduction in latent HIV infection."
DCC0049	Acetaminophen	CAS:103-90-2	C8H9NO2	small molecule	approved	151.1626	For temporary relief of fever, minor aches, and pains.	Acetaminophen (USAN) or Paracetamol (INN) is a widely used analgesic and antipyretic drug that is used for the relief of fever, headaches, and other minor aches and pains. It is a major ingredient in numerous cold and flu medications and many prescription analgesics. It is extremely safe in standard doses, but because of its wide availability, deliberate or accidental overdoses are not uncommon. Acetaminophen, unlike other common analgesics such as aspirin and ibuprofen, has no anti-inflammatory properties or effects on platelet function, and it is not a member of the class of drugs known as non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs or NSAIDs. At therapeutic doses acetaminophen does not irritate the lining of the stomach nor affect blood coagulation, kidney function, or the fetal ductus arteriosus (as NSAIDs can). Like NSAIDs and unlike opioid analgesics, acetaminophen does not cause euphoria or alter mood in any way. Acetaminophen and NSAIDs have the benefit of being completely free of problems with addiction, dependence, tolerance and withdrawal. Acetaminophen is used on its own or in combination with pseudoephedrine, dextromethorphan, chlorpheniramine, diphenhydramine, doxylamine, codeine, hydrocodone, or oxycodone.	"Acetaminophen is thought to act primarily in the CNS, increasing the pain threshold by inhibiting both isoforms of cyclooxygenase, COX-1, COX-2, and COX-3 enzymes involved in prostaglandin (PG) synthesis. Unlike NSAIDs, acetaminophen does not inhibit cyclooxygenase in peripheral tissues and, thus, has no peripheral anti-inflammatory affects. While aspirin acts as an irreversible inhibitor of COX and directly blocks the enzyme's active site, studies have found that acetaminophen indirectly blocks COX, and that this blockade is ineffective in the presence of peroxides. This might explain why acetaminophen is effective in the central nervous system and in endothelial cells but not in platelets and immune cells which have high levels of peroxides. Studies also report data suggesting that acetaminophen selectively blocks a variant of the COX enzyme that is different from the known variants COX-1 and COX-2. This enzyme is now referred to as COX-3. Its exact mechanism of action is still poorly understood, but future research may provide further insight into how it works. The antipyretic properties of acetaminophen are likely due to direct effects on the heat-regulating centres of the hypothalamus resulting in peripheral vasodilation, sweating and hence heat dissipation."
DCC0050	Gefitinib	CAS:184475-35-2	C22H24ClFN4O3	small molecule	approved	446.902	For the continued treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer after failure of either platinum-based or docetaxel chemotherapies.	Gefitinib inhibits the intracellular phosphorylation of numerous tyrosine kinases associated with transmembrane cell surface receptors, including the tyrosine kinases associated with the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR-TK). EGFR is expressed on the cell surface of many normal cells and cancer cells.	Gefitinib inhibits the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase by binding to the adenosine triphosphate (ATP)-binding site of the enzyme. Thus the function of the EGFR tyrosine kinase in activating the Ras signal transduction cascade is inhibited; and malignant cells are inhibited. Gefitinib is the first selective inhibitor of the EGFR tyrosine kinase which is also referred to as Her1 or ErbB-1. EGFR is overexpressed in the cells of certain types of human carcinomas - for example in lung and breast cancers. Overexpression leads to inappropriate activation of the apoptotic Ras signal transduction cascade, eventually leading to uncontrolled cell proliferation.
DCC0051	Codeine	CAS:76-57-3	C18H21NO3	small molecule	approved	299.3642	For treatment and management of pain (systemic). It is also used as an antidiarrheal and as a cough suppressant.	Codeine, an opiate agonist in the CNS, is similar to other phenanthrene derivatives such as morphine. It is selective for the mu receptor, but with a much weaker affinity than morphine. The analgesic properties of codeine have been speculated to come from its conversion to morphine. The principle therapeutic action is analgesia. Codeine concentrations do not correlate with brain concentration or relief of pain. The minimum effective concentration is highly variable is influenced by numerous factors, including but not limited to, age, previous opioid use, age, and general medical condition. However, the effective dose for patients that have developed tolerance is significantly higher than the opioid-naive patients.	"Opiate receptors are coupled with G-protein receptors and function as both positive and negative regulators of synaptic transmission via G-proteins that activate effector proteins. Binding of the opiate stimulates the exchange of GTP for GDP on the G-protein complex. As the effector system is adenylate cyclase and cAMP located at the inner surface of the plasma membrane, opioids decrease intracellular cAMP by inhibiting adenylate cyclase. Subsequently, the release of nociceptive neurotransmitters such as substance P, GABA, dopamine, acetylcholine and noradrenaline is inhibited. Opioids also inhibit the release of vasopressin, somatostatin, insulin and glucagon. Codeine's analgesic activity is, most likely, due to its conversion to morphine. Opioids close N-type voltage-operated calcium channels (OP2-receptor agonist) and open calcium-dependent inwardly rectifying potassium channels (OP3 and OP1 receptor agonist). This results in hyperpolarization and reduced neuronal excitability."
DCC0052	Piperacillin	CAS:66258-76-2	C23H27N5O7S	small molecule	approved	517.555	It is indicated for the topical treatment of superficial infections of the external eye and its adnexa caused by susceptible bacteria.	Piperacillin is a penicillin beta-lactam antibiotic used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually gram-positive, organisms. The name penicillin can either refer to several variants of penicillin available, or to the group of antibiotics derived from the penicillins. Piperacillin has <i>in vitro</i> activity against gram-positive and gram-negative aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The bactericidal activity of Piperacillin results from the inhibition of cell wall synthesis and is mediated through Piperacillin binding to penicillin binding proteins (PBPs). Piperacillin is stable against hydrolysis by a variety of beta-lactamases, including penicillinases, and cephalosporinases and extended spectrum beta-lactamases.	By binding to specific penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located inside the bacterial cell wall, Piperacillin inhibits the third and last stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis. Cell lysis is then mediated by bacterial cell wall autolytic enzymes such as autolysins; it is possible that Piperacillin interferes with an autolysin inhibitor.
DCC0053	Amitriptyline	CAS:50-48-6	C20H23N	small molecule	approved	277.4033	For the treatment of depression, chronic pain, irritable bowel syndrome, sleep disorders, diabetic neuropathy, agitation and insomnia, and migraine prophylaxis.	Amitriptyline, a tertiary amine tricyclic antidepressant, is structurally related to both the skeletal muscle relaxant cyclobenzaprine and the thioxanthene antipsychotics such as thiothixene. It is extremely sedating, and thus improvement of sleep patterns can be the first benefit of treatment. Amitriptyline exhibits strong anticholinergic activity, cardiovascular effects including orthostatic hypotension, changes in heart rhythm and conduction, and a lowering of the seizure threshold. As with other antidepressants, several weeks of therapy may be required in order to realize the full clinical benefit of amitriptyline. Although not a labelled indication, amitriptyline is widely used in the management of chronic nonmalignant pain (e.g., post-herpetic neuralgia, fibromyalgia).	Amitriptyline is metabolized to nortriptyline which inhibits the reuptake of norepinephrine and serotonin almost equally. Amitriptyline inhibits the membrane pump mechanism responsible for uptake of norepinephrine and serotonin in adrenergic and serotonergic neurons. Pharmacologically this action may potentiate or prolong neuronal activity since reuptake of these biogenic amines is important physiologically in terminating transmitting activity. This interference with the reuptake of norepinephrine and/or serotonin is believed by some to underlie the antidepressant activity of amitriptyline.
DCC0001	Cetuximab	CAS:205923-56-4	C6484H10042N1732O2023S36	biotech	approved	145781.6	For treatment of EGFR-expressing metastatic colorectal cancer in patients who are refractory to other irinotecan-based chemotherapy regimens. Cetuximab is also indicated for treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck in conjucntion with radiation therapy.	Used in the treatment of colorectal cancer, cetuximab binds specifically to the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFr, HER1, c-ErbB-1) on both normal and tumor cells. EGFr is over-expressed in many colorectal cancers. Cetuximab competitively inhibits the binding of epidermal growth factor (EGF) and other ligands, such as transforming growth factor alpha. Binding of cetuximab to the EGFr blocks phosphorylation and activation of receptor-associated kinases, resulting in inhibition of cell growth, induction of apoptosis, decreased matrix metalloproteinase secretion and reduced vascular endothelial growth factor production.	Cetuximab binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFr) on both normal and tumor cells. EGFr is over-expressed in many colorectal cancers. Cetuximab competitively inhibits the binding of epidermal growth factor (EGF) and TGF alpha, thereby reducing their effects on cell growth and metastatic spread.
DCC0002	Peginterferon alfa-2a	CAS:198153-51-4	C10H17N2O5R(C2H4O)n(C2H4O)n	biotech	approved	60000	"For treatment of hairy cell leukemia, malignant melanoma, and AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma."	"Upregulates the expression of MHC I proteins, allowing for increased presentation of peptides derived from viral antigens. This enhances the activation of CD8+ T cells that are the precursors for cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) and makes the macrophage a better target for CTL-mediated killing. Interferon alpha also induce the synthesis of several key antiviral mediators, including 2'-5' oligoadenylate synthetase (2'-5' A synthetase) and protein kinase R."	Interferon alpha binds to type I interferon receptors (IFNAR1 and IFNAR2c) which, upon dimerization, activate two Jak (Janus kinase) tyrosine kinases (Jak1 and Tyk2). These transphosphorylate themselves and phosphorylate the receptors. The phosphorylated INFAR receptors then bind to Stat1 and Stat2 (signal transducers and activators of transcription) which dimerize and activate multiple immunomodulatory and antiviral proteins. Interferon alpha binds less stably to type I interferon receptors than interferon beta.
DCC0003	Peginterferon alfa-2b	CAS:99210-65-8	C2H3O2R(C2H4O)n	biotech	approved	31000	For the treatment of chronic hepatitis C in patients not previously treated with interferon alpha who have compensated liver disease and are at least 18 years of age.	"Upregulates the expression of MHC I proteins, allowing for increased presentation of peptides derived from viral antigens. This enhances the activation of CD8+ T cells that are the precursors for cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) and makes the macrophage a better target for CTL-mediated killing. Interferon alpha also induce the synthesis of several key antiviral mediators, including 2'-5' oligoadenylate synthetase (2'-5' A synthetase) and protein kinase R."	Interferon alpha binds to type I interferon receptors (IFNAR1 and IFNAR2c) which, upon dimerization, activate two Jak (Janus kinase) tyrosine kinases (Jak1 and Tyk2). These transphosphorylate themselves and phosphorylate the receptors. The phosphorylated INFAR receptors then bind to Stat1 and Stat2 (signal transducers and activators of transcription)which dimerize and activate multiple (~100) immunomodulatory and antiviral proteins. Interferon alpha binds less stably to type I interferon receptors than interferon beta.
DCC0004	Asparaginase	CAS:9015-68-3	C1377H2208N382O442S17	biotech	approved	31731.9	For treatment of acute lympocytic leukemia and non-Hodgkins lymphoma.	In a significant number of patients with acute leukemia, the malignant cells are dependent on an exogenous source of asparagine for survival. Normal cells, however, are able to synthesize asparagine and thus are affected less by the rapid depletion produced by treatment with the enzyme asparaginase. Elspar exploits a metabolic defect in asparagine synthesis of some malignant cells.	Asparaginase converts asparagine to aspartic acid and ammonia. It facilitates production of oxaloacetate which is needed for general cellular metabolism. Some malignant cells lose the ability to produce asparagine and so the loss of exogenous sources of asparagine leads to cell death.
DCC0005	Gramicidin D	CAS:1405-97-6	C99H140N20O17	biotech	approved	1882.2947	For treatment of skin lesions, surface wounds and eye infections.	Gramicidin is particularly effective against gram-positive bacteria. Because the drug is highly hemolytic, it cannot be administered internally and so is used only on the skin as a lotion or ointment. It is used primarily in the treatment of infected surface wounds, and in eye, nose, and throat infections. It is normally given with two other antibiotics (neomycin and polymixin B) as an ophthalmic solution	Gramicidin D binds to and inserts itself into bacterial membranes (with a strong preference to gram-positive cell membranes). This results in membrane disruption and permeabilization (it acts as a channel). This leads to (i) loss of intracellular solutes (e.g., K+ and amino acids); (ii) dissipation of the transmembrane potential; (iii) inhibition of respiration; (iv) a reduction in ATP pools; and (v) inhibition of DNA, RNA, and protein synthesis, which leads to cell death.
DCC0006	Aldesleukin	CAS:85898-30-2	C690H1115N177O202S6	biotech	approved	15314.8	"Aldesleukin is used to treat advanced renal cell carcinoma and melanoma that has spread to other parts of your body. "	Used to treat renal cell carcinoma, Aldesleukin induces the enhancement of lymphocyte mitogenesis and stimulation of long-term growth of human interleukin-2 dependent cell lines, the enhancement of lymphocyte cytotoxicity, the induction of killer cell (lymphokine-activated (LAK) and natural (NK)) activity; and the induction of interferon-gamma production. IL-2 is normally produced by the body, secreted by T cells, and stimulates growth and differentiation of T cell response. It can be used in immunotherapy to treat cancer. It enhances the ability of the immune system to kill tumor cells and may interfere with blood flow to the tumor.	Aldesleukin binds to the IL-2 receptor which leads to heterodimerization of the cytoplasmic domains of the IL-2R beta and gamma(c) chains, activation of the tyrosine kinase Jak3, and phosphorylation of tyrosine residues on the IL-2R beta chain. These events led to the creation of an activated receptor complex, to which various cytoplasmic signaling molecules are recruited and become substrates for regulatory enzymes (especially tyrosine kinases) that are associated with the receptor. These events stimulate growth and differentiation of T cells.
DCC0007	Adalimumab	CAS:331731-18-1	C6428H9912N1694O1987S46	biotech	approved	144190.3	"For treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and Crohn's disease."	Used in the treatment of immune system mediated diseases, adalimumab binds specifically to TNF-alpha and blocks its general cytokine effects, thereby reducing TNF-induced inflammation and halting tissue destruction.	Adalimumab binds to TNF-alpha and blocks its interaction with the p55 and p75 cell surface TNF receptors. Adalimumab also lyses surface TNF expressing cells in vitro in the presence of complement.
DCC0008	Trastuzumab	CAS:180288-69-1	C6470H10012N1726O2013S42	biotech	approved	145531.5	For treatment of early stage HER2-positive breast cancer, or metastatic breast cancer that substantially overexpress HER2.	Used in the treatment of HER2-positive breast cancer. HER2 protein overexpression is observed in 25%-30% of primary breast cancers.Trastuzumab has been shown, in both in vitro assays and in animals, to inhibit the proliferation of human tumorcells that overexpress HER2. It is a mediator of antibody dependent cellular cytotoxicity, in that the binding of the antibody to HER2 overexpressing cells leads to preferential cell death.	Trastuzumab binds to the HER2 (or c-erbB2) proto-oncogene, an EGF receptor-like protein found on 20-30% of breast cancer cells. The binding leads to antibody mediated (complement mediated) killing of the HER2 positive cells.
DCC0009	Rituximab	CAS:174722-31-7	C6416H9874N1688O1987S44	biotech	approved	143859.7	For treatment of CD20-positive non-Hodgkins lymphoma, chronic lymphocytic leukemia, and rheumatoid arthritis.	"Rituximab binds to the CD20 antigen, which is predominantly expressed on mature B cells and on >90% of B-cellnon-Hodgkin's lympohomas. The antibody leads to selective killing of B-cells."	The Fab regions of rituximab binds to the CD20 antigen on B lymphocytes, while the Fc domain recruits antibodies and complements to mediate cell lysis.
DCC0010	Daptomycin	CAS:103060-53-3	C72H101N17O26	biotech	approved	1620.6706	For the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections caused by susceptible strains of Gram-positive microorganisms.	Daptomycin is a 13 member amino acid cyclic lipopeptide antibiotic active against Gram-positive bacteria only. It has proven in vitro activity against enterococci (including glycopeptide-resistant Enterococci (GRE)), staphylococci (including methicillin-resistant <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i>), streptococci and corynebacteria. Daptomycin is derived from the fermentation product of Streptomyces roseosporus.	Daptomycin appears to bind or insert into the outer membrane of gram positive bacteria. The binding and integration of daptomycin into the cell membrane is calcium dependent. Calcium ions cause a conformational change in daptomycin, augmenting its amphipathicity (hydrophilic head group and hydrophobic tail group), leading to incorporation into the cell membrane.This binding causes rapid depolarisation, resulting in a loss of membrane potential leading to inhibition of protein, DNA and RNA synthesis, which results in bacterial cell death. The bactericidal activity of daptomycin is concentration-dependent. There is in vitro evidence of synergy with beta-lactam antibiotics.
DCC0011	Cyclosporine	CAS:59865-13-3	C62H111N11O12	small molecule	approved	1202.6112	For treatment of transplant (kidney, liver, and heart) rejection, rheumatoid arthritis, severe psoriasis.	Used in immunosuppression for prophylactic treatment of organ transplants, cyclosporine exerts specific and reversible inhibition of immunocompetent lymphocytes in the G0-or G1-phase of the cell cycle. T-lymphocytes are preferentially inhibited. The T1-helper cell is the main target, although the T1-suppressor cell may also be suppressed. Sandimmune (cyclosporine) also inhibits lymphokine production and release including interleukin-2.	Cyclosporine binds to cyclophilin. The complex then inhibits calcineurin which is normally responsible for activating transcription of interleukin 2. Cyclosporine also inhibits lymphokine production and interleukin release. In ophthalmic applications, the precise mechanism of action is not known. Cyclosporine emulsion is thought to act as a partial immunomodulator in patients whose tear production is presumed to be suppressed due to ocular inflammation associated with keratoconjunctivitis sicca.
DCC0012	Bevacizumab	CAS:216974-75-3	C6638H10160N1720O2108S44	biotech	approved	149196.8162	As part of combination therapy for metastatic colorectal cancer and HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer.	Bevacizumab prevents or reduces the formation of blood vessels (angiogenesis) thereby preventing or reducing metatstatic disease progressing. Bevacizumab binds VEGF and prevents vascular endothelial growth and endothelial cell proliferation.	Bevacizumab binds VEGF and prevents the interaction of VEGF to its receptors (Flt-1 and KDR) on the surface of endothelial cells. This prevents blood vessel proliferation and tumour metastasis.
DCC0013	Vitamin B12CN	CAS:68-19-9	C63H89CoN14O14P	small molecule	approved	1356.3731	For treatment of pernicious anemia (due to lack of or inhibition of intrinsic factor) and for prevention and treatment of vitamin B 12 deficiency.	Cyanocobalamin (Vitamin B12) is a water-soluble organometallic compound with a trivalent cobalt ion bound inside a corrin ring. It is needed for nerve cells and red blood cells, and to make DNA. Vitamin B12 deficiency is the cause of several forms of anemia.	Vitamin B12 is used in the body in two forms: Methylcobalamin and 5-deoxyadenosyl cobalamin. The enzyme methionine synthase needs methylcobalamin as a cofactor. This enzyme is involved in the conversion of the amino acid homocysteine into methionine. Methionine in turn is required for DNA methylation. 5-Deoxyadenosyl cobalamin is a cofactor needed by the enzyme that converts L-methylmalonyl-CoA to succinyl-CoA. This conversion is an important step in the extraction of energy from proteins and fats. Furthermore, succinyl CoA is necessary for the production of hemoglobin, the substances that carries oxygen in red blood cells.
DCC0014	Valsartan	CAS:137862-53-4	C24H29N5O3	small molecule	approved	435.5188	May be used as a first line agent to treat uncomplicated hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension and left ventricular hypertrophy. May be used as a first line agent to delay progression of diabetic nephropathy. Losartan may be also used as a second line agent in the treatment of congestive heart failure, systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease in those intolerant of ACE inhibitors.	Valsartan belongs to a class of antihypertensive agents called angiotensin II receptor blockers (ARBs). Valsartan is a specific and selective type-1 angiotensin II receptor (AT1) antagonist which blocks the blood pressure increasing effects angiotensin II via the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS). RAAS is a homeostatic mechanism for regulating hemodynamics, water and electrolyte balance. During sympathetic stimulation or when renal blood pressure or blood flow is reduced, renin is released from granular cells of the juxtaglomerular apparatus in the kidneys. Renin cleaves circulating angiotensinogen to angiotensin I, which is cleaved by angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) to angiotensin II. Angiotensin II increases blood pressure by increasing total peripheral resistance, increasing sodium and water reabsorption in the kidneys via aldosterone secretion, and altering cardiovascular structure. Angiotensin II binds to two receptors: AT1 and type-2 angiotensin II receptor (AT2). AT1 is a G-protein coupled receptor (GPCR) that mediates the vasoconstrictive and aldosterone-secreting effects of angiotensin II. Studies performed in recent years suggest that AT2 antagonizes AT1-mediated effects and directly affects long-term blood pressure control by inducing vasorelaxation and increasing urinary sodium excretion. Angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) are non-peptide competitive inhibitors of AT1. ARBs block the ability of angiotensin II to stimulate pressor and cell proliferative effects. Unlike ACE inhibitors, ARBs do not affect bradykinin-induced vasodilation. The overall effect of ARBs is a decrease in blood pressure.	Valsartan is an ARB that selectively inhibits the binding of angiotensin II to AT1, which is found in many tissues such as vascular smooth muscle and the adrenal glands. This effectively inhibits the AT1-mediated vasoconstrictive and aldosterone-secreting effects of angiotensin II and results in a decrease in vascular resistance and blood pressure. Valsartan is selective for AT1 and has virtually no affinity for AT2. Inhibition of aldosterone secretion may inhibit sodium and water reabsorption in the kidneys while decreasing potassium excretion. The primary metabolite of valsartan, valeryl 4-hydroxy valsartan, has no pharmacological activity.
DCC0015	Ramipril	CAS:87333-19-5	C23H32N2O5	small molecule	approved	416.5106	For the management of mild to severe hypertension. May be used to reduce cardiovascular mortality following myocardial infarction in hemodynamically stable individuals who develop clinical signs of congestive heart failure within a few days following myocardial infarction. To reduce the rate of death, myocardial infarction and stroke in individuals at high risk of cardiovascular events. May be used to slow the progression of renal disease in individuals with hypertension, diabetes mellitus and microalubinuria or overt nephropathy.	Ramipril is an ACE inhibitor similar to benazepril, fosinopril and quinapril. It is an inactive prodrug that is converted to ramiprilat in the liver, the main site of activation, and kidneys. Ramiprilat confers blood pressure lowing effects by antagonizing the effect of the RAAS. The RAAS is a homeostatic mechanism for regulating hemodynamics, water and electrolyte balance. During sympathetic stimulation or when renal blood pressure or blood flow is reduced, renin is released from the granular cells of the juxtaglomerular apparatus in the kidneys. In the blood stream, renin cleaves circulating angiotensinogen to ATI, which is subsequently cleaved to ATII by ACE. ATII increases blood pressure using a number of mechanisms. First, it stimulates the secretion of aldosterone from the adrenal cortex. Aldosterone travels to the distal convoluted tubule (DCT) and collecting tubule of nephrons where it increases sodium and water reabsorption by increasing the number of sodium channels and sodium-potassium ATPases on cell membranes. Second, ATII stimulates the secretion of vasopressin (also known as antidiuretic hormone or ADH) from the posterior pituitary gland. ADH stimulates further water reabsorption from the kidneys via insertion of aquaporin-2 channels on the apical surface of cells of the DCT and collecting tubules. Third, ATII increases blood pressure through direct arterial vasoconstriction. Stimulation of the Type 1 ATII receptor on vascular smooth muscle cells leads to a cascade of events resulting in myocyte contraction and vasoconstriction. In addition to these major effects, ATII induces the thirst response via stimulation of hypothalamic neurons. ACE inhibitors inhibit the rapid conversion of ATI to ATII and antagonize RAAS-induced increases in blood pressure. ACE (also known as kininase II) is also involved in the enzymatic deactivation of bradykinin, a vasodilator. Inhibiting the deactivation of bradykinin increases bradykinin levels and may sustain the effects of ramiprilat by causing increased vasodilation and decreased blood pressure.	There are two isoforms of ACE: the somatic isoform, which exists as a glycoprotein comprised of a single polypeptide chain of 1277; and the testicular isoform, which has a lower molecular mass and is thought to play a role in sperm maturation and binding of sperm to the oviduct epithelium. Somatic ACE has two functionally active domains, N and C, which arise from tandem gene duplication. Although the two domains have high sequence similarity, they play distinct physiological roles. The C-domain is predominantly involved in blood pressure regulation while the N-domain plays a role in hematopoietic stem cell differentiation and proliferation. ACE inhibitors bind to and inhibit the activity of both domains, but have much greater affinity for and inhibitory activity against the C-domain. Ramiprilat, the principle active metabolite of ramipril, competes with ATI for binding to ACE and inhibits and enzymatic proteolysis of ATI to ATII. Decreasing ATII levels in the body decreases blood pressure by inhibiting the pressor effects of ATII as described in the Pharmacology section above. Ramipril also causes an increase in plasma renin activity likely due to a loss of feedback inhibition mediated by ATII on the release of renin and/or stimulation of reflex mechanisms via baroreceptors.
DCC0016	Bortezomib	CAS:179324-69-7	C19H25BN4O4	small molecule	approved	384.237	For treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have not been successfully treated with at least two previous therapies.	Bortezomib is a drug that inhibits the mammalian 26S proteasome. The ubiquitin-proteasome pathway plays an essential role in regulating the intracellular concentration of specific proteins, thereby maintaining homeostasis within cells. Inhibition of the 26S proteasome prevents this targeted proteolysis, which can affect multiple signaling cascades within the cell. This disruption of normal homeostatic mechanisms can lead to cell death. Experiments have demonstrated that bortezomib is cytotoxic to a variety of cancer cell types in vitro. Bortezomib causes a delay in tumor growth in vivo in nonclinical tumor models, including multiple myeloma. Tumor cells, that is, rapidly dividing cells, appear to be more sensitive to proteasome inhibition.	Bortezomib is a reversible inhibitor of the chymotrypsin-like activity of the 26S proteasome in mammalian cells. The 26S proteasome is a large protein complex that degrades ubiquitinated proteins. The active site of the proteasome has chymotrypsin-like, trypsin-like, and postglutamyl peptide hydrolysis activity. The 26S proteasome degrades various proteins critical to cancer cell survival, such as cyclins, tumor suppressors, BCL-2, and cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors. Inhibition of these degradations sensitizes cells to apoptosis. Bortezomib is a potent inhibitor of 26S proteasome, which sensitizes activity in dividing multiple myeloma and leukemic cells, thus inducing apoptosis. In addition, bortezomib appears to increase the sensitivity of cancer cells to traditional anticancer agents (e.g., gemcitabine, cisplatin, paclitaxel, irinotecan, and radiation).
DCC0017	Carbidopa	CAS:28860-95-9	C10H16N2O5	small molecule	approved	244.2444	"For treatment of the symptoms of idiopathic Parkinson's disease (paralysis agitans), post-encephalitic parkinsonism"	"Carbidopa, a noncompetitive decarboxylase inhibitor, is used in combination with levodopa for the treatment of Parkinson's disease."	When mixed with levodopa, carbidopa inhibits the peripheral conversion of levodopa to dopamine and the decarboxylation of oxitriptan to serotonin by aromatic L-amino acid decarboxylase. This results in increased amount of levodopa and oxitriptan available for transport to the CNS. Carbidopa also inhibits the metabolism of levodopa in the GI tract, thus, increasing the bioavailability of levodopa.
DCC0018	Tramadol	CAS:27203-92-5	C16H25NO2	small molecule	approved	263.3752	Indicated in the treatment of moderate to severe pain. Consider for those prone to constipation or respiratory depression. Tramadol is used to treat postoperative, dental, cancer, and acute musculosketetal pain and as an adjuvant to NSAID therapy in patients with osteoarthritis.	Tramadol, a centrally-acting analgesic, exists as a racemic mixture of the <i>trans</i> isomer, with important differences in binding, activity, and metabolism associated with the two enantiomers. Although its mode of action is not completely understood, from animal tests, at least two complementary mechanisms appear applicable: binding of parent and M1 metabolite to mu-opioid receptors and weak inhibition of reuptake of norepinephrine and serotonin. Opioid activity is due to both low affinity binding of the parent compound and higher affinity binding of the O-demethylated metabolite M1 to mu-opioid receptors. In animal models, M1 is up to 6 times more potent than tramadol in producing analgesia and 200 times more potent in mu-opioid binding. Opiate antagonist naloxone only partially antagonized tramadol-induced analgesia.	Tramadol and its O-desmethyl metabolite (M1) are selective, weak OP3-receptor agonists. Opiate receptors are coupled with G-protein receptors and function as both positive and negative regulators of synaptic transmission via G-proteins that activate effector proteins. As the effector system is adenylate cyclase and cAMP located at the inner surface of the plasma membrane, opioids decrease intracellular cAMP by inhibiting adenylate cyclase. Subsequently, the release of nociceptive neurotransmitters such as substance P, GABA, dopamine, acetylcholine and noradrenaline is inhibited. The analgesic properties of Tramadol can be attributed to norepinephrine and serotonin reuptake blockade in the CNS, which inhibits pain transmission in the spinal cord. The (+) enantiomer has higher affinity for the OP3 receptor and preferentially inhibits serotonin uptake and enhances serotonin release. The (-) enantiomer preferentially inhibits norepinephrine reuptake by stimulating alpha(2)-adrenergic receptors.
DCC0019	Oseltamivir	CAS:204255-11-8	C16H28N2O4	small molecule	approved	312.4045	Oseltamivir (Tamiflu) is for the treatment of uncomplicated acute illness due to influenza infection in patients 1 year and older who have been symptomatic for no more than 2 days. It is also used for the prophylaxis of influenza in adult patients and adolescents 13 years and older.	Oseltamivir is an antiviral drug, a neuraminidase inhibitor used in the treatment and prophylaxis of both influenza A and influenza B. Oseltamivir is a prodrug (usually administered as phosphate), it is hydrolysed hepatically to the active metabolite, the free carboxylate of oseltamivir (GS4071). Like zanamivir, oseltamivir acts as a transition-state analogue inhibitor of influenza neuraminidase.	Oseltamivir is an ethyl ester prodrug requiring ester hydrolysis for conversion to the active form, oseltamivir carboxylate. The proposed mechanism of action of oseltamivir is inhibition of influenza virus neuraminidase with the possibility of alteration of virus particle aggregation and release.
DCC0020	Erythromycin	CAS:114-07-8	C37H67NO13	small molecule	approved	733.9268	"For use in the treatment of infections caused by susceptible strains of microorganisms in the following diseases: respiratory tract infections (upper and lower) of mild to moderate degree, pertussis (whooping cough), as adjunct to antitoxin in infections due to <i>Corynebacterium diphtheriae</i>, in the treatment of infections due to <i>Corynebacterium minutissimum</i>, intestinal amebiasis caused by <i>Entamoeba histolytica</i>, acute pelvic inflammatory disease caused by <i>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</i>, skin and soft tissue infections of mild to moderate severity caused by <i>Streptococcus pyogenes</i> and <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i>, primary syphilis caused by <i>Treponema pallidum</i>, infections caused by <i>Chlamydia trachomatis</i>, nongonococcal urethritis caused by <i>Ureaplasma urealyticum</i>, and Legionnaires' disease caused by <i>Legionella pneumophila</i>."	Erythromycin is produced by a strain of Streptomyces erythraeus and belongs to the macrolide group of antibiotics. After absorption, erythromycin diffuses readily into most body fluids. In the absence of meningeal inflammation, low concentrations are normally achieved in the spinal fluid, but the passage of the drug across the blood-brain barrier increases in meningitis. Erythromycin is excreted in breast milk. The drug crosses the placental barrier with fetal serum drug levels reaching 5 - 20% of maternal serum concentrations. Erythromycin is not removed by peritoneal dialysis or hemodialysis.	Erythromycin acts by penetrating the bacterial cell membrane and reversibly binding to the 50 S subunit of bacterial ribosomes or near the &ldquo;P&rdquo; or donor site so that binding of tRNA (transfer RNA) to the donor site is blocked. Translocation of peptides from the &ldquo;A&rdquo; or acceptor site to the &ldquo;P&rdquo; or donor site is prevented, and subsequent protein synthesis is inhibited. Erythromycin is effective only against actively dividing organisms. The exact mechanism by which erythmromycin reduces lesions of acne vulgaris is not fully known: however, the effect appears to be due in part to the antibacterial activity of the drug.
DCC0021	Caffeine	CAS:58-08-2	C8H10N4O2	small molecule	approved	194.1906	For management of fatigue, orthostatic hypotension, and for the short term treatment of apnea of prematurity in infants.	Caffeine, a naturally occurring xanthine derivative like theobromine and the bronchodilator theophylline, is used as a CNS stimulant, mild diuretic, and respiratory stimulant (in neonates with apnea of prematurity). Often combined with analgesics or with ergot alkaloids, caffeine is used to treat migraine and other headache types. Over the counter, caffeine is available to treat drowsiness or mild water-weight gain.	Caffeine stimulates medullary, vagal, vasomotor, and respiratory centers, promoting bradycardia, vasoconstriction, and increased respiratory rate. This action was previously believed to be due primarily to increased intracellular cyclic 3&prime;,5&prime;-adenosine monophosphate (cyclic AMP) following inhibition of phosphodiesterase, the enzyme that degrades cyclic AMP. It is now thought that xanthines such as caffeine act as antagonists at adenosine-receptors within the plasma membrane of virtually every cell. As adenosine acts as an autocoid, inhibiting the release of neurotransmitters from presynaptic sites but augmenting the actions of norepinephrine or angiotensin, antagonism of adenosine receptors promotes neurotransmitter release. This explains the stimulatory effects of caffeine. Blockade of the adenosine A1 receptor in the heart leads to the accelerated, pronounced pounding of the heart upon caffeine intake.
DCC0022	Sildenafil	CAS:139755-83-2	C22H30N6O4S	small molecule	approved	474.576	For the treatment of erectile dysfunction and to relieve symptoms of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH).	"Erections are controlled by the parasympathetic nervous system. Upon sexual stimulation, a decrease in vascular resistance is mediated by acetylcholine and nitric oxide resulting in vasodilation. The hemodynamic mechanism of an erection is comprised of five stages. During the latent stage, arterial and carvernous smooth muscle relaxation occurs. Vasodilation results in high levels of blood flow causing the penis to grow to its full size. This stage is called tumescence. During the full-erection stage, blood flow fills penis sinusoids and outflow is restricted. This is followed by the rigid-erection phase during which the cavernous muscles contract causing the penis to become rigid. Little blood flow occurs during this stage. During the final stage, detumescence, the cavernous muscles relax and blood flows out of the penis. Erectile dysfunction may occur when there is insufficient blood supply to the penis or when the penis is unable to prevent outflow of blood from the penis. Sildenafil is a specific inhibitor of PDE5, an enzyme responsible for the breakdown of cGMP to 5'-GMP.  Increased levels of cGMP stimulate vasodilation and facilitate the generation and maintenance of erections. These vasodilatory effects also help decrease symptoms of PAH. Sildenfail also exhibits some activity against PDE6 (10 times less potentcy compared to PDE5), a PDE isoform found predmoninantly in the retina. This activity is responsible for the blue tinged vision experienced by users of sildenafil."	Sildenafil inhibits the cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) which is responsible for degradation of cGMP in the corpus cavernosum located around the penis. Penile erection during sexual stimulation is caused by increased penile blood flow resulting from the relaxation of penile arteries and corpus cavernosal smooth muscle. This response is mediated by the release of nitric oxide (NO) from nerve terminals and endothelial cells, which stimulates the synthesis of cGMP in smooth muscle cells. Cyclic GMP causes smooth muscle relaxation and increased blood flow into the corpus cavernosum. The inhibition of phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) by sildenafil enhances erectile function by increasing the amount of cGMP.
DCC0023	Pyrimethamine	CAS:58-14-0	C12H13ClN4	small molecule	approved	248.711	For the treatment of toxoplasmosis and acute malaria; For the prevention of malaria in areas non-resistant to pyrimethamine	Pyrimethamine is an antiparasitic compound commonly used as an adjunct in the treatment of uncomplicated, chloroquine resistant, P. falciparum malaria. Pyrimethamine is a folic acid antagonist and the rationale for its therapeutic action is based on the differential requirement between host and parasite for nucleic acid precursors involved in growth. This activity is highly selective against plasmodia and Toxoplasma gondii. Pyrimethamine possesses blood schizonticidal and some tissue schizonticidal activity against malaria parasites of humans. However, the 4-amino-quinoline compounds are more effective against the erythrocytic schizonts. It does not destroy gametocytes, but arrests sporogony in the mosquito. The action of pyrimethamine against Toxoplasma gondii is greatly enhanced when used in conjunction with sulfonamides.	Pyrimethamine inhibits the dihydrofolate reductase of plasmodia and thereby blocks the biosynthesis of purines and pyrimidines, which are essential for DNA synthesis and cell multiplication. This leads to failure of nuclear division at the time of schizont formation in erythrocytes and liver.
DCC0024	Azithromycin	CAS:83905-01-5	C38H72N2O12	small molecule	approved	748.9845	For the treatment of patients with mild to moderate infections caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms in the specific conditions: <i>H. influenzae</i>, <i>M. catarrhalis</i>, <i>S. pneumoniae</i>, <i>C. pneumoniae</i>, <i>M. pneumoniae</i>, <i>S. pyogenes</i>, <i>S. aureus</i>, <i>S. agal</i>	Azithromycin, a semisynthetic antibiotic belonging to the macrolide subgroup of azalides, is used to treat STDs due to chlamydia and gonorrhea, community-acquired pneumonia, pelvic inflammatory disease, pediatric otitis media and pharyngitis, and <i>Mycobacterium avium</i> complex (MAC) in patients with advanced HIV disease. Similar in structure to erythromycin. azithromycin reaches higher intracellular concentrations than erythromycin, increasing its efficacy and duration of action.	Azithromycin binds to the 50S subunit of the 70S bacterial ribosomes, and therefore inhibits RNA-dependent protein synthesis in bacterial cells.
DCC0025	Adapalene	CAS:106685-40-9	C28H28O3	small molecule	approved	412.5201	For the topical treatment of comedo, papular and pustular acne (acne vulgaris) of the face, chest or back.	Adapalene is a chemically stable retinoid-like compound. Biochemical and pharmacological profile studies have demonstrated that adapalene is a modulator of cellular differentiation, keratinization, and inflammatory processes all of which represent important features in the pathology of acne vulgaris.	Mechanistically, adapalene binds to specific retinoic acid nuclear receptors (gamma and beta) and retinoid X receptors but does not bind to the cytosolic receptor protein. Although the exact mode of action of adapalene is unknown, it is suggested that topical adapalene may normalize the differentiation of follicular epithelial cells resulting in decreased microcomedone formation.
DCC0026	Pantoprazole	CAS:102625-70-7	C16H15F2N3O4S	small molecule	approved	383.37	Short-term (up to 16 weeks) treatment of erosive esophagitis.	Pantoprazole is a substituted benzimidazole indicated for the short-term treatment (up to 16 weeks) in the healing and symptomatic relief of erosive esophagitis. Pantoprazole is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) that suppresses the final step in gastric acid production.	Pantoprazole is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) that suppresses the final step in gastric acid production by forming a covalent bond to two sites of the (H<sup>+</sup>,K<sup>+</sup> )- ATPase enzyme system at the secretory surface of the gastric parietal cell. This effect is dose- related and leads to inhibition of both basal and stimulated gastric acid secretion irrespective of the stimulus.
DCC0027	Glimepiride	CAS:93479-97-1	C24H34N4O5S	small molecule	approved	490.616	For concomitant use with insulin for the treatment of noninsulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus.	Glimepiride, like glyburide and glipizide, is a second-generation sulfonylurea agents. Glimepiride is used with diet to lower blood glucose by increasing the secretion of insulin from pancreas and increasing the sensitivity of peripheral tissues to insulin.	The mechanism of action of glimepiride in lowering blood glucose appears to be dependent on stimulating the release of insulin from functioning pancreatic beta cells, and increasing sensitivity of peripheral tissues to insulin. Glimepiride likely binds to ATP-sensitive potassium channel receptors on the pancreatic cell surface, reducing potassium conductance and causing depolarization of the membrane. Membrane depolarization stimulates calcium ion influx through voltage-sensitive calcium channels. This increase in intracellular calcium ion concentration induces the secretion of insulin.
DCC0028	Indinavir	CAS:150378-17-9	C36H47N5O4	small molecule	approved	613.7895	Indinavir is an antiretroviral drug for the treatment of HIV infection.	Indinavir is a protease inhibitor with activity against Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1). Protease inhibitors block the part of HIV called protease. HIV-1 protease is an enzyme required for the proteolytic cleavage of the viral polyprotein precursors into the individual functional proteins found in infectious HIV-1. Indinavir binds to the protease active site and inhibits the activity of the enzyme. This inhibition prevents cleavage of the viral polyproteins resulting in the formation of immature non-infectious viral particles. Protease inhibitors are almost always used in combination with at least two other anti-HIV drugs.	Indinavir inhibits the HIV viral protease enzyme which prevents cleavage of the gag-pol polyprotein, resulting in noninfectious, immature viral particles.
DCC0532	Trientine	CAS:112-24-3	C6H18N4	small molecule	approved	219.1558	"It is indicated in the treatment of patients with Wilson's disease who are intolerant of penicillamine."	null	A chelating agent is capable of removing a heavy metal, such as lead, mercury, or copper, from the blood.
DCC0545	Sofosbuvir	CAS:1190307-88-0	C22H29FN3O9P	small molecule	approved	529.4525	Sofosbuvir is a drug used to treat hepatitis C infection.	null	Sofosbuvir is a nucleotide analogue inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus polymerase. The HCV polymerase or NS5B protein is a RNA-dependent RNA polymerase critical for the viral cycle.
DCC0547	Avibactam	CAS:1192500-31-4	C7H11N3O6S	small molecule	approved	287.2256	Gram-negative bacterial infection	null	Avibactam is a synthetic non-beta-lactam, beta-lactamase inhibitor that inhibits the activities of Ambler class A and C beta-lactamases and some Ambler class D enzymes.
DCC0488	Sotatercept	CAS:1001080-50-7	C3448H5264N920O1058S42	biotech	investigational	77878.949	Red cell maturation agent for the treatment of anemia, and bone anabolic agent for the treatment of cancer-related bone loss.	"Sotatercept (formerly called ACE-011) is an investigational protein therapeutic that increases red blood cell (RBC) levels by targeting molecules in the TGF-ß superfamily. "	Sotatercept is a chimeric protein containing the extracellular domain of the activin receptor 2A fused to the Fc domain of human IgG1. It selectively binds to activin, inhibiting its binding to ActRIIA and ActRIIA signaling, resulting in the stimulation of osteoblast activity and the inhibition of osteoclast activity and so normal bone formation and increased bone mineral density and strength.
DCC0494	Cobicistat	CAS:1004316-88-4	C40H53N7O5S2	small molecule	approved	776.0227	Cobicistat is not an HIV drug, but is used to increase the levels of elvitegravir.	null	"Cobicistat has ability to inhibit liver enzymes that metabolize other medications used to treat HIV, notably elvitegravir. By combining cobicistat with elvitegravir, higher concentrations of elvitgravir are achieved in the body with lower dosing, theoretically enhancing elvitgravir's viral suppression while diminishing its adverse side-effects."
DCC0511	Eldecalcitol	CAS:104121-92-8	C30H50O5	small molecule	approved	490.71	Eldecalcitol is a drug used in Japan for the treatment of osteoporosis.	Analogs of vitamin D are being explored intensely for their regulatory effects on calcium metabolism with the purpose of treating osteoporosis, a skeletal disease associated with low bone mass and deterioration of bone tissue. Vitamin D is imperative for absorption of calcium to maintain bone strength.	Eldecalcitol is an analog of vitamin D. Vitamin D is a group of fat-soluble secosteroids responsible for enhancing intestinal absorption of calcium and phosphate.
DCC0551	Desirudin	CAS:120993-53-5	C287H440N80O110S6	biotech	approved	6963.4245	Prophylaxis of deep vein thrombosis, which may lead to pulmonary embolism, in patients undergoing elective hip replacement surgery.	null	Desirudin is a synthetic recombinant form of hirudin, a selective and almost irreversible inhibitor of human thrombin. It has no action on other components of the haemostatic system. This medication is a parenteral anticoagulant, prescribed for prophylaxis of deep vein thrombosis.
DCC0552	Conjugated Estrogen	CAS:438-67-5	C18H21NaO5S	small molecule	approved	372.411	For the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms associated with the menopause, atrophic vaginitis, osteoporosis, hypoestrogenism due to hypogonadism, castration, primary ovarian failure, breast cancer (for palliation only), and Advanced androgen-dependent carcinoma of the prostate (for palliation only)	Conjugated estrogens, a mixture of the water soluble salts of sulfate esters from estrone, equilin, 17 alpha-dihydroequilin, and other related steroids, may be derived from pregnant equine urine or yam and soy plants. Estrogens are important in the development and maintenance of the female reproductive system and secondary sex characteristics. They promote growth and development of the vagina, uterus, and fallopian tubes, and enlargement of the breasts. Indirectly, they contribute to the shaping of the skeleton, maintenance of tone and elasticity of urogenital structures, changes in the epiphyses of the long bones that allow for the pubertal growth spurt and its termination, growth of axillary and pubic hair, and pigmentation of the nipples and genitals. Decline of estrogenic activity at the end of the menstrual cycle can bring on menstruation, although the cessation of progesterone secretion is the most important factor in the mature ovulatory cycle. However, in the preovulatory or nonovulatory cycle, estrogen is the primary determinant in the onset of menstruation. Estrogens also affect the release of pituitary gonadotropins. The pharmacologic effects of conjugated estrogens are similar to those of endogenous estrogens.	Estrogens enter the cells of responsive tissues (e.g., female organs, breasts, hypothalamus, pituitary) where they interact with a protein receptor, subsequently increasing the rate of synthesis of DNA, RNA, and some proteins. Estrogens decrease the secretion of gonadotropin-releasing hormone by the hypothalamus, reducing the secretion of follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) from the pituitary.
DCC0565	Azelnidipine	CAS:123524-52-7	C33H34N4O6	small molecule	approved	582.6463	Hypertension	null	Azelnidipine is an L-type calcium channel protein inhibitor.
DCC0573	Cerebrolysin	CAS:12656-61-0	null	small molecule	approved	null	Brain protection and repair to counteract pathologies of acute and chronic neurological disorders	null	Cerebrolysin, a mixture of neurotrophic peptides, enhances neurogenesis and improves neurological outcome in experimental neurodegenerative diseases and stroke.
DCC0585	Levomefolic acid	CAS:134-35-0	C20H25N7O6	small molecule	approved	459.4558	Treatment and prevention of folate deficiency	null	Levomefolic acid is the active form of folic acid used at the cellular level for DNA reproduction, the cysteine cycle and the regulation of homocysteine among other functions.
DCC0587	Ferrous sulfate	CAS:13463-43-9	FeH2O5S	small molecule	approved	278.0146	For the treatment of hematinic	null	Ferrous sulfate is used to treat iron deficiency anemia.
DCC0590	Tetracaine hydrochloride	CAS:136-47-0	C15H25ClN2O2	small molecule	approved	300.8242	This medication is used in the eye as an anesthetic to numb the pain that may occur during eye procedures.	null	Tetracaine is a potent local anesthetic of the ester group. It is mainly used topically in ophthalmology and as an antipruritic, and it has been used in spinal anesthesia.
DCC0596	ABT-751	CAS:141430-65-1	C18H17N3O4S	small molecule	investigational	null	ABT-751 is tested in trials for patients with advanced taxane-refractory non-small cell lung carcinoma, and children with neuroblastoma.	null	ABT-751 binds to the colchicine-binding site on beta-tubulin and inhibits the polymerization of microtubules, thereby preventing tumor cell replication. This agent also disrupts tumor neovascularization, reducing tumor blood flow and so inducing a cytotoxic effect.
DCC0612	Benzathine penicillin	CAS:1538-09-6	C48H56N6O8S2	small molecule	approved	941.1224	It is an antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections and  prevent rheumatic fever and early or latent syphilis.	null	Benzathine benzylpenicillin is a form of penicillin and is slowly absorbed into the circulation, after intramuscular injection, and hydrolysed to benzylpenicillin in vivo. It is the drug-of-choice when prolonged low concentrations of benzylpenicillin are required and appropriate, allowing prolonged antibiotic action over 2-4 weeks after a single IM dose.
DCC0613	Abiraterone acetate	CAS:154229-19-3	C26H33NO2	small molecule	approved	391.5457	Used in combination with prednisone for the treatment of metastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancer.	Abiraterone is associated with decreases in PSA levels, tumor shrinkage (as evaluated by RECIST criteria), radiographic regression of bone metastases and improvement in pain. Levels of adrenocorticotropic hormones increased up to 6-fold but this can be suppressed by dexamethasone.	Abiraterone is an orally active inhibitor of the steroidal enzyme CYP17A1 (17 alpha-hydroxylase/C17,20 lyase). It inhibits CYP17A1 in a selective and irreversible manner via covalent binding mechanism. CYP17A1 is an enzyme that catalyzes the biosynthesis of androgen and is highly expressed in testicular, adrenal, and prostatic tumor tissue. More specifically, abiraterone inhibits the conversion of 17-hydroxyprognenolone to dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) by the enzyme CYP17A1 to decrease serum levels of testosterone and other androgens.
DCC0601	Interferon beta 1	CAS:145258-61-3	null	biotech	approved	null	It is indicated for the treatment of relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis to reduce the frequency of clinical exacerbations.	null	Interferon beta balances the expression of pro- and anti-inflammatory agents in the brain, and reduces the number of inflammatory cells that cross the blood brain barrier. Overall, therapy with interferon beta leads to a reduction of neuron inflammation. Moreover, it is also thought to increase the production of nerve growth factor and consequently improve neuronal survival.
DCC0603	Follitropin alpha	CAS:146479-72-3	null	biotech	approved	null	For treatment of female infertility	Used for the treatment of female infertility, Follitropin or follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) stimulates ovarian follicular growth in women who do not have primary ovarian failure. FSH, the active component of Follitropin beta is the primary hormone responsible for follicular recruitment and development.	Follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) is a hormone found in humans and other animals. It is synthesized and secreted by gonadotrophs of the anterior pituitary gland.
DCC0608	Levomefolate calcium	CAS:151533-22-1	C20H23CaN7O6	small molecule	approved	497.5179	Treatment and prevention of folate deficiency	null	Levomefolate calcium, a calcium salt of levomefolic acid, which is the active form of folic acid used at the cellular level for DNA reproduction, the cysteine cycle and the regulation of homocysteine among other functions. Levomefolic acid (and folic acid in turn) has been proposed for treatment of cardiovascular disease and advanced cancers such as breast and colorectal cancers. It bypasses several metabolic steps in the body and better binds thymidylate synthase with fDump, a metabolite of the drug fluorouracil.
DCC0620	Canfosfamide	CAS:158382-37-7	C26H40Cl4N5O10PS. HCl	small molecule	investigational	823.935	Canfosfamide is an investigational drug that is a cancer cell-activated chemotherapeutic.	null	Canfosfamide, a glutathione analog prodrug as a novel prodrug that is preferentially activated by glutathione S-transferase P1-1 (GST-pi) yields an anticancer alkylating agent and a glutathione derivative.
DCC0622	Iniparib	CAS:160003-66-7	C7H5IN2O3	small molecule	investigational	292.0307	It is a small molecule iodobenzamide with potential cytotoxic and antineoplastic activities.	null	A small-molecule prodrug inhibitor of the nuclear enzyme poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase-1 (PARP-1) with potential chemosensitizing, radiosensitizing and antineoplastic activities. In vivo, iniparib is converted to the active drug, which selectively binds to PARP-1 and inhibits PARP-1- mediated DNA repair. Consequently, this agent may enhance the cytotoxicity of DNA-damaging agents and reverse tumor cell resistance to chemotherapy and radiation therapy. In addition, iniparib may exhibit direct antineoplastic activity against cancers defective in DNA repair. PARP-1 catalyzes post-translational ADP-ribosylation of nuclear proteins and is activated by single-strand DNA (ssDNA) breaks.
DCC0628	Bendamustine	CAS:16506-27-7	C16H21Cl2N3O2	small molecule	approved	358.2628	Bendamustine is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukemia, also used to treat a type of non-Hodgkins lymphoma	null	Bendamustine is a white, water soluble microcrystalline powder with amphoteric properties. It acts as an alkylating agent causing intra-strand and inter-strand cross-links between DNA bases.
DCC0629	Lintuzumab	CAS:166089-32-3	null	biotech	investigational	null	For the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia	null	Lintuzumab targets the CD33 protein, which is expressed in AML and other myeloproliferative diseases, but does not appear in abundance on normal cells.
DCC0630	Zosuquidar trihydrochloride	CAS:167354-41-8	C32H33F2N3O2Cl3	small molecule	approved	636.9871	Treatment of multidrug resistance.	null	Zosuquidar trihydrochloride binds with high affinity to P-glycoprotein and inhibits P-glycoprotein-mediated multidrug resistance. P-glycoprotein, encoded by the MDR-1 gene, is a member of the ATP-binding cassette superfamily of transmembrane transporters and prevents the intracellular accumulation of many natural product-derived cytotoxic agents.
DCC0634	Enzastaurin	CAS:170364-57-5	C32H29N5O2. HCl	small molecule	investigational	552.0659	Tested for treatment of lymphoma and multiple myeloma.	null	Enzastaurin is a synthetic bisindolylmaleimide with potential antineoplastic activity. Binding to the ATP-binding site, enzastaurin selectively inhibits protein kinase C beta, an enzyme involved in the induction of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-stimulated neo-angiogenesis. This agent may decrease tumor blood supply, preventing growth.
DCC0635	Phenylbutyrate sodium	CAS:1716-12-7	C10H11O2. Na	small molecule	approved	186.1829	It is used to treat urea cycle disorders, because its metabolites offer an alternative pathway to the urea cycle to allow excretion of excess nitrogen.	null	Sodium phenylbutyrate is a salt of an aromatic fatty acid. The compound is used to treat urea cycle disorders, because its metabolites offer an alternative pathway to the urea cycle to allow excretion of excess nitrogen.
DCC0640	Ibritumomab tiuxetan	CAS:174722-31-7	null	biotech	approved	null	"It is used for the treatment of non-Hodgkin's B-cell lymphoma, co-administrated with rituximab."	null	"Ibritumomab tiuxetan, is a monoclonal antibody radioimmunotherapy treatment for relapsed or refractory, low grade or transformed B cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, a lymphoproliferative disorder. The drug uses the monoclonal mouse IgG1 antibody ibritumomab in conjunction with the chelator tiuxetan, to which a radioactive isotope (either yttrium-90 or indium-111) is added."
DCC0657	Lapaquistat acetate	CAS:189060-13-7	C33H41ClN2O9	small molecule	approved	645.1396	Cholesterol-lowering agent for hypercholesterolemia.	null	Lapaquistat acetate is  a squalene synthase inhibitor.
DCC0665	Bazedoxifene	CAS:198481-32-2	C30H34N2O3. C2H4O2	small molecule	approved	530.6545	Bazedoxifene)is a synthetic drug that was specifically designed to reduce the risk of osteoporotic fractures while at the same time protecting breast and uterine tissue.	null	Bazedoxifene is a third generation selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM).
DCC0666	O6-benzylguanine	CAS:19916-73-5	C12H11N5O	small molecule	investigational	241.25	Tested in treating young patients with recurrent or progressive gliomas or brain stem tumors.	null	A guanine analogue with antineoplastic activity. O(6)-benzylguanine binds the DNA repair enzyme O(6)-alkylguanine DNA alkyltransferase (AGT), transferring the benzyl moiety to the active-site cysteine and resulting in inhibition of AGT-mediated DNA repair. Co-administration of this agent potentiates the effects of other chemotherapeutic agents that damage DNA.
DCC0684	Zotarolimus	CAS:221877-54-9	C52H79N5O12	small molecule	approved	966.21	Coronary restenosis following stent replacement	null	Zotarolimus is an immunosuppressant. It is a semi-synthetic derivative of rapamycin. It was designed for use in stents with phosphorylcholine as a carrier. Coronary stents reduce early complications and improve late clinical outcomes in patients needing interventional cardiology.
DCC0652	Zibotentan	CAS:186497-07-4	C19H16N6O4S	biotech	investigational	424.4331	For prostate cancer that had come back after hormone treatment.	Zibotentan (ZD4054) is a specific ETA receptor antagonist in clinical development for ... its specific binding profile, zibotentan inhibited ETA receptor-mediated.	Zibotentan is an anti-cancer candidate as an endothelin receptor antagonist.
DCC0700	Fimasartan	CAS:247257-48-3	C27H31N7OS	small molecule	investigational	501.64634	Treatment of hypertension and heart failure	null	Fimasartan is a novel non-peptide angiotensin II receptor antagonist (ARB) used for the treatment of hypertension and heart failure.
DCC0705	Polyethylene glycol	CAS:25322-68-3	H2O(C2H4O)n	small molecule	approved	null	For the treatment of occasional constipation (irregularity).	null	PEG is the basis of a number of laxatives. Whole bowel irrigation with polyethylene glycol and added electrolytes is used for bowel preparation before surgery or colonoscopy.
DCC0717	Romiplostim	CAS:267639-76-9	C1317H2043N361O395S9	biotech	approved	29542.08	Treatment of immune thrombocytopenic purpura	null	Romiplostim is a fusion protein analog of thrombopoietin, a hormone that regulates platelet production.
DCC0723	Cediranib	CAS:288383-20-0	C25H27FN4O3	small molecule	investigational	450.5053	Treatment of non-small cell lung cancer.	null	Cediranib is a potent inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor tyrosine kinases. It is being developed by AstraZeneca as a possible anti-cancer chemotherapeutic agent for oral administration.
DCC0738	Indacaterol maleate	CAS:312753-06-3	C24H28N2O3	small molecule	approved	392.4907	For the long term, once-daily-dosing maintenance of airflow obstruction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), including chronic bronchitis and/or emphysema.	"Bronchodilator drugs are the foundation for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. The principal inhaled bronchodilator treatments used are ¿_(2) -agonists and anticholinergics, either alone or in combination. Currently available ¿_(2) -agonists are of either short duration and used multiple times/day, or of long duration, which requires twice-daily administration. Indacaterol is considered an ultra-long-acting ¿_(2) -agonist and was recently approved for use in the United States. Its duration of action is approximately 24 hours, allowing for once-daily administration. Furthermore, this chiral compound it is given as the R-enantiomer and acts as a full agonist. Cough was the most commonly reported adverse effect with use of indacaterol. Compared to salmeterol, it has 35% more agonist activity. Cough usually occurred within 15 seconds of inhalation of the drug, lasted around 6 seconds, was not associated with bronchospasm, and did not cause discontinuation of the drug. Otherwise, the drug's safety profile was similar to that of other bronchodilators. [PMID: 22499359]"	Indacaterol works by stimulating adrenergic beta-2 receptors in the smooth muscle of the airways. This causes relaxation of the muscle, thereby increasing the diameter of the airways, which become constricted in asthma and COPD. It is also long acting due to its high affinity to the lipid raft domains in the airway membrane so it slowly dissociates from the receptors. Indacaterol also has a high intrinsic efficacy so it is also very rapid acting - onset of action occurs within 5 minutes. The pharmacological effects of beta2-adrenoceptor agonist drugs, including indacaterol, are at least in part attributable to stimulation of intracellular adenyl cyclase, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3_¿_, 5_¿_-adenosine monophosphate (cyclic monophosphate). Increased cyclic AMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle. In vitro studies have shown that indacaterol has more than 24-fold greater agonist activity at beta2-receptors compared to beta1-receptors and 20-fold greater agonist activity compared to beta3-receptors. This selectivity profile is similar to formoterol. The clinical significance of these findings is unknown.
DCC0741	Lixisenatide	CAS:320367-13-3	C215H347N61O65S	biotech	investigational	4858.4904	For use in adults with type 2 diabetes.	null	Lixisenatide is a once-daily injectable GLP-1 receptor agonist, GLP-1 is a naturally-occurring peptide that is released within minutes of eating a meal. It is known to suppress glucagon secretion from pancreatic alpha cells and stimulate insulin secretion by pancreatic beta cells. GLP-1 receptor agonists are in development as an add-on treatment for type 2 diabetes.
DCC0764	Boceprevir	CAS:394730-60-0	C27H45N5O5	small molecule	approved	519.6767	Treatment of hepatitis C infection	null	Boceprevir is a protease inhibitor used as a treatment for hepatitis C genotype 1. It binds to HCV nonstructural 3 NS3 (HCV) active site.
DCC0768	Panobinostat	CAS:404950-80-7	C21H23N3O2	small molecule	investigational	349.4262	Panobinostat is an experimental drug developed by Novartis for the treatment of various cancers.	null	Panobinostat is an experimental drug developed by Novartis for the treatment of various cancers. It is a hydroxamic acid and acts as a non-selective histone deacetylase inhibitor (HDAC inhibitor). Panobinostat inhibits multiple histone deacetylase enzymes, a mechanism leading to apoptosis of malignant cells via multiple pathways.
DCC0769	Piperaquine	CAS:4085-31-8	C29H32Cl2N6	small molecule	approved	535.51	Piperaquine is used for adults and children with uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria.	null	Piperaquine is an antimalarial drug, a bisquinoline first synthesised in the 1960s, and used extensively in China and Indochina as prophylaxis and treatment during the next 20 years.
DCC0770	Casopitant	CAS:414910-27-3	C30H35F7N4O2. CH4SO3	small molecule	approved	712.719	Treatment of unipolar depression, anxiety, and insomnia disorders	null	Casopitant is an neurokinin 1 (NK1) receptor antagonist undergoing research for the treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV).
DCC0777	Pazopanib hydrochloride	CAS:444731-52-6	C21H23N7O2S	small molecule	approved	437.518	Treatment of advanced renal cell cancer and advanced soft tissue sarcoma (in patients previously treated with chemotherapy)	Pazopanib is a synthetic indazolylpyrimidine and reaches steady state concentrations of >15 mcg/ml. This concentration is high enough to observe maximal inhibition of VEGFR2 phosphorylation and some anti-tumour activity (concentration required to inhibit receptors is 0.01 - 0.084 mcM/L). A reduction in tumour blood flow, increased tumour apoptosis, inhibition of tumour growth, reduction in tumour interstitial fluid pressure, and hypoxia in cancer cells can be observed in patients receiving treatment.	Pazopanib is a second-generation multitargeted tyrosine kinase inhibitor against vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-1, -2, and -3, platelet-derived growth factor receptor-alpha, platelet-derived growth factor receptor-beta, and c-kit. These receptor targets are part of the angiogenesis pathway that facilitates the formation of tumour blood vessel for tumour survival and growth.
DCC0949	Pixantrone	CAS:784209-05-8	C17H19N5O2	samll molecule	investigational	325.3651	"For treating multiply relapsed or refractory aggressive non-Hodgkin's B-cell lymphoma."	null	Pixantrone is an experimental antineoplastic (anti-cancer) drug, an analogue of mitoxantrone with fewer toxic effects on cardiac tissue. It acts as a topoisomerase II poison and intercalating agent.
DCC0956	Obatoclax mesylate	CAS:803712-79-0	C20H19N3O. CH4SO3	samll molecule	investigational	413.49	Treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia and solid tumor cancer	null	Obatoclax is an inhibitor of the Bcl-2 family of proteins. This inhibition induces apoptosis in cancer cells, preventing tumor growth.
DCC0959	Simethicone	CAS:8050-81-5	C4H12Si(C2H6OSi)n. SiO2	samll molecule	approved	238.46122	It is used to relieve symptoms of extra gas such as belching, bloating, and feelings of pressure/discomfort in the stomach/gut. Simethicone helps break up gas bubbles in the gut.	null	Simethicone an antifoaming and antiflatulent agent consisting of a mixture of dimethicones and silicon dioxide.
DCC0969	GSK2190915	CAS:83928-66-9	C19H30ClN5O2	samll molecule	investigational	395.9268	Treatment of anxious depression	null	GSK2190915, a potent 5-lipoxygenase-activating protein inhibitor, prevents the synthesis of leukotrienes and 5-oxo-6,8,11,14-eicosatetraenoic acid (5-oxo-ETE).
DCC0979	Danoprevir	CAS:850876-88-9	C35H46FN5O9S	samll molecule	investigational	731.8312	Treatment of hepatitis C	null	Danoprevir is a Highly Selective and Potent Inhibitor of Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) NS3/4A Protease.
DCC0990	Dopexamine	CAS:86197-47-9	C22H32N2O2	samll molecule	investigational	356.5017	It is used as an inotropic agent in cardiac failure	null	Dopexamine is a synthetic analogue of dopamine. Despite this, it is a beta1 and beta2-adrenergic receptor agonist. Its action at dopamine receptor D1 mediates relaxation of vascular smooth muscle in renal, mesenteric, cerebral and coronary arteries.
DCC1010	Bismuth subcitrate potassium	CAS:880149-29-1	(C6H5O7)2. Bi. 5K	samll molecule	approved	782.6713	Treatment of H. pylori infection	Treatment of H. pylori when used in combination with metronidazole and tetracycline hydrochloride	Bismuth subcitrate potassium can treat upset stomach and slow the growth of bacteria.
DCC1011	Tanezumab	CAS:880266-57-9	C6464H9942N1706O2026S46	biotech	investigational	145443.3089	Tanezumab is undergoing Phase II clinical trials for the treatment of various pain entities, including chronic low back pain, bone cancer pain, and interstitial cystitis.	null	Tanezumab is a monoclonal antibody against nerve growth factor.
DCC1017	SCH 900776	CAS:891494-63-6	C15H18BrN7	samll molecule	investigational	376.25	Treating adult patients with relapsed acute myeloid leukemia.	null	SCH 900776 was identified as a highly potent and functionally optimal CHK1 inhibitor with minimal intrinsic antagonistic properties. Checkpoint kinase 1 is an essential serine/threonine kinase that responds to DNA damage and stalled DNA replication. CHK1 is essential for maintenance of replication fork viability during exposure to DNA antimetabolites. In human tumor cell lines, ablation of CHK1 function during antimetabolite exposure led to accumulation of double-strand DNA breaks and cell death.
DCC1020	Trebananib	CAS:894356-79-7	C2794H4248N752O886S30	biotech	investigational	63510.0817	Tested in patients with recurrent ovarian cancer.	Trebananib is a peptibody that binds to and inhibits angiopoietin 1 and 2.	It is an angiopoietin 1 and 2 neutralizing peptibody, with potential antiangiogenic activity. Trebananib targets and binds to Ang1 and Ang2, thereby preventing the interaction of the angiopoietins with their target tie2 receptors. This may inhibit angiogenesis and may eventually lead to an inhibition of tumor cell proliferation.
DCC1021	Tropisetron	CAS:89565-68-4	C17H20N2O2	samll molecule	approved	284.3529	Used as an antiemetic to treat nausea and vomiting following chemotherapy	null	Tropisetron is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used mainly as an antiemetic to treat nausea and vomiting following chemotherapy, although it has been used experimentally as an analgesic in cases of fibromyalgia.
DCC1024	Teprotumumab	CAS:89957-37-9	C6476H10012N1748O2000S40	biotech	investigational	145637.9001	Treatment of solid and hematologic tumors	null	Teprotumumab is a fully human antibody developed by Genmab under our collaboration with Roche. Teprotumumab targets the Insulin-like Growth Factor-1 Receptor (IGF-1R), which is a well validated target. Clinical development of teprotumumab in ophthamalic indications will be conducted by River Vision Development Corporation, which licensed teprotumumab from Roche.
DCC1035	Rebamipide	CAS:90098-04-7	C19H15ClN2O4	samll molecule	approved	370.7864	Used for mucosal protection, healing of gastroduodenal ulcers, and treatment of gastritis	null	Rebamipide, an amino acid derivative of 2-(1H)-quinolinone, is used for mucosal protection, healing of gastroduodenal ulcers, and treatment of gastritis. It works by enhancing mucosal defense, scavenging free radicals, and temporarily activating genes encoding cyclooxygenase-2.
DCC1040	Ganitumab	CAS:905703-97-1	C6472H10028N1728O2020S42	biotech	investigational	145709.9683	It is investigatied for patients with pancreatic cancer.	null	Ganitumab is a human monoclonal antibody against type 1 insulin-like growth factor receptor (IGF1R), designed for the treatment of cancers.
DCC1046	Edoxaban	CAS:912273-65-5	C24H30ClN7O4S	samll molecule	investigational	548.0575	For the reduction in risk of stroke and systemic embolic events (SEE) in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF), as well as for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) or pulmonary embolism (PE) and for the prevention of recurrence of symptomatic venous thromboembolism (VTE)	null	Edoxaban is an anticoagulant drug which acts as a direct factor Xa inhibitor. It is being developed by Daiichi Sankyo. It was approved in July 2011 in Japan for prevention of venous thromboembolisms (VTE) following lower-limb orthopedic surgery.
DCC1060	Simeprevir	CAS:923604-59-5	C38H47N5O7S2	samll molecule	approved	749.9391	Simeprevir is an antiviral agent prescribed for the treatment of hepatitis C used in conjunction with ribavirin.	"Simeprevir blocks the effect of pro-teases which are enzymes that HCV needs for making new viruses, leading to reduced numbers of HCV in the body. Simeprevir is effective for treating people infected with HCV genotype 1, including those with liver disease. "	Simeprevir is a  protease inhibitor, thus preventing viral maturation through inhibition of protein synthesis.
DCC1084	Obinutuzumab	CAS:949142-50-1	C6512H10060N1712O2020S44	biotech	approved	146062.6732	For use in combination with chlorambucil for the treatment of patients with previously untreated chronic lymphocytic leukemia.	null	A glycoengineered, fully humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody with potential antineoplastic activity. Obinutuzumab, a third generation type II anti-CD20 antibody, selectivity binds to the extracellular domain of the human CD20 antigen on malignant human B cells. The Fc region carbohydrates of the antibody, enriched in bisected non-fucosylated glycosylation variants, contribute to its higher binding affinity for human FcgammaRIII receptors compared to non-glycoengineered antibodies, resulting in enhanced antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity (ADCC) and caspase-independent apoptosis. In addition, modification of elbow hinge sequences within the antibody variable framework regions may account for the strong apoptosis-inducing activity of R7159 upon binding to CD20 on target cells.
DCC1097	Estradiol valerate	CAS:979-32-8	C23H32O3	small molecule	approved	356.4984	Used in hormone replacement therapy in postmenopausal women.	null	Estradiol valerate is a synthetic ester, specifically the 17-pentanoyl ester, of the natural estrogen, 17beta-estradiol.
DCC1098	Brivaracetam	CAS:9837243	C11H20N2O2	small molecule	investigational	212.2887	Treatment of epilepsy, neuropathic pain and essential tremor.	Brivaracetam is a novel high-affinity synaptic vesicle protein 2A (SV2A) ligand which also displays inhibitory activity at neuronal voltage-dependent sodium high-affinity SV2A ligand and has a distinct pharmacological profile that differentiates it from other currently available treatment options.	Brivaracetam, the 4-n-propyl analog of levetiracetam, is a racetam derivative with anticonvulsant properties. Brivaracetam is believed to act by binding to the ubiquitous synaptic vesicle protein SV2.
DCC1105	Somatokine	null	null	biotech	investigational	null	Treatment on reducing protein wasting (catabolism) in severely-burned patients	null	SomatoKine is a recombinant fusion of insulin growth factor-1 (IGF-1) complexed to its major binding protein BP-3,which mimics the biological effects of IGF-1.
DCC1106	Ofatumumab	null	C6480H10022N1742O2020S44	biotech	approved	146060.2301	For treating chronic lymphocytic leukemia that is refractory to fludarabine and alemtuzumab (Campath) and has also shown potential in treating Follicular non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma, Diffuse large B cell lymphoma, rheumatoid arthritis and relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis.	null	Ofatumumab targets an epitope different from rituximab and most other CD20 directed antibodies. Ofatumumab binds to both the small and large loops of the CD20 molecule on B cells. Its location is in closer proximity to the membrane, which in theory allows for more effective complement deposition and subsequent B cell killing. The CD20 molecule is highly expressed in both normal and malignant B cells.
DCC1108	Dornase alfa	CAS:9003-98-9	C1321H1999N339O396S9	biotech	approved	29253.9	Used as adjunct therapy in the treatment of cystic fibrosis.	Cystic fibrosis (CF) is a disease characterized by the retention of viscous purulent secretions in the airways. These thick secretions contribute both to reduced pulmonary function and to frequent pulmonary infection. Purulent pulmonary secretions of individuals with cystic fibrosis contain very high concentrations of extracellular DNA released by degenerating leukocytes that accumulate in response to these infections. Dornase alfa hydrolyzes the DNA in sputum of CF patients and reduces sputum viscosity and viscoelasticity. The enzyme does not appear to affect sputum in the absence of an inflammatory response to infection, nor does it affect the sputum of healthy individuals.	"Dornase alfa is a biosynthetic form of human DNase I. The enzyme is involved in endonucleolytic cleavage of extracellular DNA to 5'-phosphodinucleotide and 5'-phosphooligonucleotide end products. It has no effect on intracellular DNA. Optimal activity is dependent on the presence of divalent cations such as calcium and magnesium. Extracellular DNA is a viscous anionic polymer and its breakdown appears to improve the viscosity and viscoelasticity of purulent sputum of individuals with CF."
DCC1110	Enbrel	CAS:185243-69-0	C2224H3475N621O698S36	biotech	approved	51234.9	For treatment of severe active rheumatoid arthritis in adults, severe juvenile idiopathic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and severe plaque psoriasis.	Tumor necrosis factor TNF is a naturally occurring cytokine that is involved in normal inflammatory and immune responses. Elevated levels of TNF are found in tissues and fluids of patients with rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis (AS), and plaque psoriasis. Etanercept binds specifically to tumor necrosis factor (TNF) and blocks its interaction with cell surface TNF receptors.	There are two distinct receptors for TNF (TNFRs), a 55 kilodalton protein (p55) and a 75 kilodalton protein (p75). The biological activity of TNF is dependent upon binding to either cell surface receptor (p75 or p55). Etanercept is a dimeric soluble form of the p75 TNF receptor that can bind to two TNF molecules, thereby effectively removing them from circulation.
DCC1112	Leuprolide acetate	CAS:53714-56-0	C59H84N16O12	biotech	approved	1209.3983	For treatment of prostate cancer, endometriosis, uterine fibroids and premature puberty	Used in the palliative treatment of advanced prostate cancer. Leuprolide is a luteinizing hormone agonist that results in suppression of testicular or follicular steroidogenesis.	Leuprolide binds to the gonadotropin releasing hormone receptor and acts as a potent inhibitor of gonadotropin secretion.
DCC1116	Goserelin acetate	CAS:65807-02-5	C59H84N18O14	small molecule	approved	1269.4105	Used to treat hormone-sensitive cancers of the breast (in pre- and peri- menopausal women) and prostate, and some benign gynaecological disorders (endometriosis, uterine fibroids and endometrial thinning). In addition, goserelin is used in assisted reproduction and in the treatment of precocious puberty.	Goserelin acetate stimulates the production of the sex hormones testosterone and estrogen in a non-pulsatile (non-physiological) manner. This causes the disruption of the endogenous hormonal feedback systems, resulting in the down-regulation of testosterone and estrogen production.	Goserelin is a synthetic decapeptide analogue of LHRH. Goserelin acts as a potent inhibitor of pituitary gonadotropin secretion when administered in the biodegradable formulation. The result is sustained suppression of LH and serum testosterone levels.
DCC1117	Reteplase	CAS:133652-38-7	C1736H2671N499O522S22	biotech	approved	39589.6	For lysis of acute pulmonary emboli, intracoronary emboli and management of myocardial infarction	Reteplase cleaves the Arg/Val bond in plasminogen to form plasmin. Plasmin in turn degrades the fibrin matrix of the thrombus, thereby exerting its thrombolytic action. This helps eliminate blood clots or arterial blockages that cause myocardial infarction.	Reteplase binds to fibrin rich clots via the fibronectin finger-like domain and the Kringle 2 domain. The protease domain then cleaves the Arg/Val bond in plasminogen to form plasmin. Plasmin in turn degrades the fibrin matrix of the thrombus, thereby exerting its thrombolytic action.
DCC1122	Anakinra	CAS:143090-92-0	C759H1186N208O232S10	biotech	approved	17257.6	For the treatment of adult rheumatoid arthritis and treatment of Neonatal-Onset Multisystem Inflammatory Disease (NOMID).	Used to treat rheumatoid arthritis, Anakinra blocks the biologic activity of IL-1 by competitively inhibiting IL-1 binding to the interleukin-1 type I receptor (IL-1RI), which is expressed in a wide variety of tissues and organs. IL-1 production is induced in response to inflammatory stimuli and mediates various physiologic responses including inflammatory and immunological responses. Patients with rheumatoid arthritis have elevated levels of IL-1. The levels of the naturally occurring IL-1Ra in synovium and synovial fluid from rheumatoid arthritis (RA) patients are not sufficient to compete with the elevated amount of locally produced IL-1. Increasing the levels of IL-1Ra by artificial means reduces the negative effects (cartilage degradation, bone resorption) of IL-1.	Anakinra binds competitively to the Interleukin-1 type I receptor (IL-1RI), thereby inhibiting the action of elevated levels IL-1 which normally can lead to cartilage degradation and bone resorption.
DCC1124	Insulin	CAS:11061-68-0	C257H383N65O77S6	biotech	approved	5808 Daltons	Indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults and children with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.	Insulin regular is a short-acting insulin. When subcutaneously administered, the onset of action (as evidenced by a decrease in glucose level) occurs 30 minutes post-dose. Maximal effect occurs between 1.5 and 3.5 hours post-dose. The glucose-lowering effect occurs 8 hours post-dose. Compared to other rapid-acting insulin analogs, insulin regular has a slower onset of action and longer duration of action.	The primary activity of insulin is the regulation of glucose metabolism. Insulin promotes glucose and amino acid uptake into muscle and adipose tissues, and other tissues except brain and liver. It also has an anabolic role in stimulating glycogen, fatty acid, and protein synthesis. Insulin inhibits gluconeogenesis in the liver.Insulin binds to the insulin receptor (IR), a heterotetrameric protein consisting of two extracellular alpha units and two transmembrane beta units. The binding of insulin to the alpha subunit of IR stimulates the tyrosine kinase activity intrinsic to the beta subunit of the receptor. The bound receptor is able to autophosphorylate and phosphorylate numerous intracellular substrates such as insulin receptor substrates (IRS) proteins, Cbl, APS, Shc and Gab 1. These activated proteins, in turn, lead to the activation of downstream signaling molecules including PI3 kinase and Akt. Akt regulates the activity of glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) and protein kinase C (PKC) which play a critical role in metabolism and catabolism.
DCC1126	Interferon gamma-1b	CAS:82115-62-6	C761H1206N214O225S6	biotech	approved	17145.6	Interferon gamma-1b is used for the treatment of Chronic granulomatous disease and Osteopetrosis.	IFN gamma stimulates expression of the immunoglobulin heavy chain C gamma 3 and C gamma 2a germline transcripts in B cells. Many components of the antigen presentation pathways are also up-regulated by interferon gamma. It is also a potent activator of macrophages, it has antiproliferative effects on transformed cells and it can potentiate the antiviral and antitumor effects of type I interferons. Interferon gamma may also help the body regulate the activity of fibroblasts. By directly blocking the multiplication of fibroblasts and inhibiting the production and action of TGF-b, a potent scar-inducing molecule, Interferon gamma-1b may prevent excessive scarring.	Binds directly to the type II interferon gamma receptor IFNGR1, leading to a complex of IFNGR1 and IFNGR2. This activates JAK1 and JAK2 kinases which form a STAT1 docking site. This leads to STAT1 phosphorylation, nuclear translocation and initiation of gene transcription of multiple immune-related genes.
DCC1118	Epoetin-alpha	CAS:113427-24-0	C815H1317N233O241S5	biotech	approved	18396.1	For treatment of anemia (from renal transplants or certain HIV treatment)	Used in the treatment of anemia. Involved in the regulation of erythrocyte differentiation and the maintenance of a physiological level of circulating erythrocyte mass.	Binding of erythropoietin to the erythropoietin receptor leads to receptor dimerization, which facilitates activation of JAK-STAT signaling pathways within the cytosol. Activated STAT (signal transducers and activators of transcription) proteins are then translocated to the nucleus where they serve as transcription factors which regulate the activation of specific genes involved in cell division or differentiation.
DCC1120	Pegfilgrastim	CAS:208265-92-3	C845H1343N223O243S9	biotech	approved	18802.8	Increases leukocyte production, for treatment in non-myeloid cancer, neutropenia and bone marrow transplant	Used in the treatment of chemotherapy-induced neutropenia by enhancing the production of neutrophils. Pegfilgrastim acts on hematopoietic cells by binding to specific cell surface receptors thereby stimulating proliferation, differentiation, commitment, and end cell functional activation. Pegfilgrastim has reduced renal clearance and prolonged persistence in vivo as compared to Filgrastim.	Pegfilgrastim binds to the G-CSF receptor. As a G-CSF analog, it controls proliferation of committed progenitor cells and influences their maturation into mature neutrophils. Pegfilgrastim also stimulates the release of neutrophils from bone marrow storage pools and reduces their maturation time. Pegfilgrastim acts to increase the phagocytic activity of mature neutrophils. In patients receiving cytotoxic chemotherapy, pegfilgrastim can accelerate neutrophil recovery, leading to a reduction in duration of the neutropenic phase
DCC1121	Sargramostim	CAS:83869-56-1	C639H1006N168O196S8	biotech	approved	14434.5	For the treatment of cancer and bone marrow transplant	Sargramostim is used in the treatment of bone marrow transplant recipients or those exposed to chemotherapy an recovering from acut myelogenous leukemia, Leukine or GM-CSF is a hematopoietic growth factor which stimulates the survival, clonal expansion (proliferation) and differentiation of hematopoietic progenitor cells. GM-CSF is also capable of activating mature granulocytes and macrophages. After a bone marrow transplant or chemotherapy, patients have a reduced capacity to produce red and white blood cells. Supplementing them with external sources of GM-CSF helps bring the level of neutrophils back to normal so that they can better fight infections.	Sargramostim binds to the Granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor receptor (GM-CSF-R-alpha or CSF2R) which stimulates a JAK2 STAT1/STAT3 signal transduction pathway. This leads to the production of hemopoietic cells and neutrophils
DCC0779	Dapagliflozin	CAS:461432-26-8	C21H25ClO6	small molecule	approved	408.8726	Treatment of type 1 or type 2 diabetes, or any condition causing hyperglycemia	null	Dapagliflozin inhibits subtype 2 of the sodium-glucose transport proteins (SGLT2), which is responsible for at least 90% of the glucose reabsorption in the kidney. Blocking this transporter causes blood glucose to be eliminated through the urine.
DCC0784	Albinterferon alfa-2b	CAS:472960-22-8	null	biotech	approved	null	For the treatment of chronic hepatitis C.	null	Albinterferon alpha-2b, a recombinant polypeptide composed of IFN-alpha2b genetically fused to human albumin, has an extended half-life and early evidence indicates that it is efficacious and well tolerated.
DCC0787	Ipilimumab	CAS:477202-00-9	C6472H9972N1732O2004S40	biotech	approved	145389.4301	Treatment of oncology disease and HIV infection	null	Ipilimumab blocks the CTLA-4 inhibitory signal, and allows the Cytotoxic T lymphocytes to destroy the cancer cells.
DCC0789	Elesclomol	CAS:488832-69-5	C19H20N4O2S2	small molecule	investigational	400.5177	Administered in combination with taxanes for the treatment of solid-tumor cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, melanoma, sarcoma	null	Elesclomol is the metallothioneins, a family of metal-binding proteins with antioxidant activity bu inducing oxidative stress by provoking a buildup of reactive oxygen species within cancer cells.
DCC0793	Lactate	CAS:50-21-5	C3H6O3	small molecule	approved	90.0779	Arrhythmias caused by overdosing of class I antiarrythmics	null	Lactic acid, also known as milk acid, is a chemical compound that plays a role in various biochemical processes.
DCC0794	Sorbitol	CAS:50-70-4	C6H14O6	small molecule	experimental	182.1718	As sugar substitute	null	Sorbitol, also known as glucitol, is a sugar alcohol, which the human body metabolizes slowly.
DCC0797	Vilanterol	CAS:503068-34-6	C24H33Cl2NO5	small molecule	approved	486.4285	Treatment of COPD and asthma	null	Vilanterol, is a long-acting beta-2 agonist drug, which in May 2013 was approved in combination with fluticasone furoate for sale as Breo Ellipta by GlaxoSmithKline for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DCC0799	Piperonyl butoxide	CAS:51-03-6	C19H30O5	small molecule	approved	338.4385	Used as a component of pesticide formulations	It is an organic compound used as a component of pesticide formulations	PBO acts as an insecticides synergist by inhibiting the natural defenses of the insects. PBO inhibits enzymes present in insects, most important of which is the mixed function oxidase System (MFOs) also known as the cytochrome P-450 system. That is, despite having no pesticidal activity of its own, it enhances the potency of certain pesticides such as especially for carbamates, pyrethrins, pyrethroids, and rotenone.
DCC0802	Raltegravir	CAS:518048-05-0	C20H21FN6O5	small molecule	approved	444.4163	Raltegravir is used along with other medications to treat human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection.	null	Raltegravir targets integrase, an HIV enzyme that integrates the viral genetic material into human chromosomes, a critical step in the pathogenesis of HIV.
DCC0810	L-NMMA acetate	CAS:53308-83-1	null	small molecule	investigational	null	Treatment of cardiogenic shock	null	L-NMMA inhibits the synthesis of nitric oxide (NO) in a dose-dependent and enantio-specific fashion.
DCC0811	Sulfonylurea	CAS:53855-79-1	C2H6N4O4S	small molecule	approved	182.1584	Type 2 diabetes mellitus	null	Sulfonylurea derivatives are a class of antidiabetic drugs that bind to an ATP-dependent K(KATP) channel on the cell membrane of pancreatic beta cells, which are used in the management of diabetes mellitus type 2 acting by increasing insulin release from the beta cells in the pancreas.
DCC0818	Lithium carbonate	CAS:554-13-2	Li2CO3	small molecule	approved	73.8909	Treatment of depression, mania, bipolar disorder, self-harming behaviour	null	Lithium carbonate is an inorganic compound, the lithium salt of carbonate with the formula Li2CO3. This white salt is widely used in the processing of metal oxides and has received attention for the treatment for manic and bipolar disorder
DCC0832	Bismuth potassium citrate	CAS:57644-54-9	(C6H5O7)2. Bi. 5K	small molecule	approved	704.47	Combined with other antibiotics to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria.	null	Bismuth potassium citrate is an antibiotic used to treat stomach ulcers associated with Helicobacter pylori, a bacterial infection.
DCC0834	Triptorelin	CAS:57773-63-4	C64H82N18O13	small molecule	approved	1311.4487	It is indicated for the palliative treatment of advanced prostate cancer.	null	Triptorelin, is a gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist (GnRH agonist) used as the acetate or pamoate salts. By causing constant stimulation of the pituitary, it decreases pituitary secretion of gonadotropins luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH). Like other GnRH agonists, triptorelin may be used in the treatment of hormone-responsive cancers such as prostate cancer or breast cancer, precocious puberty, estrogen-dependent conditions (such as endometriosis or uterine fibroids), and in assisted reproduction.
DCC0836	Testosterone	CAS:968-93-4	C19H24O3	small molecule	approved	300.3921	For palliative treatment of advanced breast cancer in postmenopausal women.	Testolactone is a synthetic anti-neoplastic agent that is structurally distinct from the androgen steroid nucleus in possessing a six-membered lactone ring in place of the usual five-membered carbocyclic D-ring. Despite some similarity to testosterone, testolactone has no in vivo androgenic effect. No other hormonal effects have been reported in clinical studies in patients receiving testolactone.	"Although the precise mechanism by which testolactone produces its clinical antineoplastic effects has not been established, its principal action is reported to be inhibition of steroid aromatase activity and consequent reduction in estrone synthesis from adrenal androstenedione, the major source of estrogen in postmenopausal women. Based on in vitro studies, the aromatase inhibition may be noncompetitive and irreversible. This phenomenon may account for the persistence of testolactone's effect on estrogen synthesis after drug withdrawal."
DCC0849	Drotrecogin alfa	CAS:60202-16-6	C1786H2779N509O519S29	biotech	approved	55000	For reduction of mortality in patients with severe sepsis.	Drotrecogin alfa is activated human protein C that is synthesized by recombinant DNA technology. It is a glycoprotein of approximately 55 kilodalton molecular weight, consisting of a heavy chain and a light chain linked by a disulfide bond.Drotrecogin alfa inhibits factor Va and VIIIa, thereby reducing the coagulability of blood.	Activated protein C combines with protein S on platelet surfaces and then degrades factor Va and factor VIIIa, thereby reducing blood coagulability.
DCC0850	Bisacodyl	CAS:603-50-9	C22H19NO4	small molecule	approved	361.3906	Used as a stimulant laxative drug	null	Bisacodyl is a stimulant laxative drug that works directly on the colon to produce a bowel movement. It is typically prescribed for relief of constipation and for the management of neurogenic bowel dysfunction as well as part of bowel preparation before medical examinations, such as for a colonoscopy.
DCC0859	Lovaza	CAS:61006-80-6	C46H70O4	small molecule	approved	687.0456	To lower very high triglycerides along with a low fat and low cholesterol diet.	null	Lovaza is approved in the U.S. for treatment of patients with very high triglycerides (hypertriglyceridemia). It is metabolized into Omega-3 fatty acids.
DCC0863	Meglumine	CAS:6284-40-8	C7H17NO5	small molecule	approved	195.2136	It is often used as an excipient in pharmaceuticals and in conjunction with iodinated compounds in contrast media such as diatrizoate meglumine and iodipamide meglumine.	null	Meglumine is an amino sugar derived from sorbitol. It is often used as an excipient in pharmaceuticals and in conjunction with iodinated compounds in contrast media such as diatrizoate meglumine and iodipamide meglumine.
DCC0868	Ocrelizumab	CAS:637334-45-3	C6494H9978N1718O2014S46	biotech	investigational	145816.0033	Treatment for people with relapsing remitting and primary progressive multiple sclerosis	Ocrelizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody targetting the CD20 B-cell marker.	Ocrelizumab is a humanized anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody. It targets mature B lymphocytes and hence is an immunosuppressive drug candidate.
DCC0853	Linifanib	CAS:606143-52-6	C21H18FN5O	small molecule	investigational	375.3989	Tested in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer.	null	Linifanib is an orally active multi-targeted receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor for the treatment of various cancers. Linifanib is a structurally novel, potent inhibitor of receptor tyrosine kinases (RTK), vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) for human endothelial cells, PDGF receptor beta (PDGFR-beta), KDR, and colony stimulating factor 1 receptor (CSF-1R), respectively.
DCC0875	Nicorandil	CAS:65141-46-0	C8H9N3O4	small molecule	investigational	211.1748	Nicorandil is a vasodilatory drug used to treat angina.	null	Nicorandil stimulates guanylate cyclase to increase formation of cyclic GMP (cGMP). cGMP activates protein kinase G (PKG) which phosphorylates and inhibits GTPase RhoA and decreases Rho-kinase activity]. Reduced Rho-kinase activity permits an increase in myosin phosphatase activity, decreasing the calcium sensitivity of the smooth muscle.
DCC0881	Dienogest	CAS:65928-58-7	C20H25NO2	small molecule	approved	311.418	Oral contraceptive; Hormone replacement therapy	null	Dienogest is an orally-active semisynthetic, steroidal progestogen (or progestin). It is available for use as an oral contraceptive in combination with ethinylestradiol.
DCC0885	Linagliptin	CAS:668270-12-0	C25H28N8O2	small molecule	approved	472.5422	Treatment of type 2 diabetes	null	Linagliptin is an inhibitor of DPP-4, an enzyme that degrades the incretin hormones glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP). Both GLP-1 and GIP increase insulin biosynthesis and secretion from pancreatic beta cells in the presence of normal and elevated blood glucose levels. GLP-1 also reduces glucagon secretion from pancreatic alpha cells, resulting in a reduction in hepatic glucose output. Thus, linagliptin stimulates the release of insulin in a glucose-dependent manner and decreases the levels of glucagon in the circulation.
DCC0886	2-Propanol	CAS:67-63-0	C3H8O	small molecule	investigational	60.095	It is also used as a gasoline additive.	null	Isopropyl alcohol is a common name for a chemical compound with the molecular formula C3H8O or C3H7OH. It is a colorless, flammable chemical compound with a strong odor.
DCC0887	Cholecalciferol	CAS:67-97-0	C27H44O	small molecule	approved	384.6377	For the treatment of vitamin D deficiency or insufficiency, refractory rickets (vitamin D resistant rickets), familial hypophosphatemia and hypoparathyroidism, and in the management of hypocalcemia and renal osteodystrophy in patients with chronic renal failure undergoing dialysis. Also used in conjunction with calcium in the management and prevention of primary or corticosteroid-induced osteoporosis.	Cholecalciferol (vitamin D3) is a steroid hormone that has long been known for its important role in regulating body levels of calcium and phosphorus, in mineralization of bone, and for the assimilation of Vitamin A. The classical manifestations of vitamin D deficiency is rickets, which is seen in children and results in bony deformaties including bowed long bones. Deficiency in adults leads to the disease osteomalacia. Both rickets and osteomalacia reflect impaired mineralization of newly synthesized bone matrix, and usually result from a combination of inadequate exposure to sunlight and decreased dietary intake of vitamin D. Common causes of vitamin D deficiency include genetic defects in the vitamin D receptor, severe liver or kidney disease, and insufficient exposure to sunlight. Vitamin D plays an important role in maintaining calcium balance and in the regulation of parathyroid hormone (PTH). It promotes renal reabsorption of calcium, increases intestinal absorption of calcium and phosphorus, and increases calcium and phosphorus mobilization from bone to plasma.	The first step involved in the activation of vitamin D3 is a 25-hydroxylation which is catalysed by the 25-hydroxylase in the liver and then by other enzymes. The mitochondrial sterol 27-hydroxylase catalyses the first reaction in the oxidation of the side chain of sterol intermediates. The active form of vitamin D3 (calcitriol) binds to intracellular receptors that then function as transcription factors to modulate gene expression. Like the receptors for other steroid hormones and thyroid hormones, the vitamin D receptor has hormone-binding and DNA-binding domains. The vitamin D receptor forms a complex with another intracellular receptor, the retinoid-X receptor, and that heterodimer is what binds to DNA. In most cases studied, the effect is to activate transcription, but situations are also known in which vitamin D suppresses transcription. Calcitriol increases the serum calcium concentrations by: increasing GI absorption of phosphorus and calcium, increasing osteoclastic resorption, and increasing distal renal tubular reabsorption of calcium. Calcitriol appears to promote intestinal absorption of calcium through binding to the vitamin D receptor in the mucosal cytoplasm of the intestine. Subsequently, calcium is absorbed through formation of a calcium-binding protein.
DCC0893	Sulbactam	CAS:68373-14-8	C8H11NO5S	small molecule	approved	233.2416	Sulbactam is a ß-lactamase inhibitor. This drug is given in combination with ß-lactam antibiotics to inhibit ß-lactamase, an enzyme produced by bacteria that destroys the antibiotics.	This drug is given in combination with beta-lactam antibiotics to inhibit beta-lactamase, an enzyme produced by bacteria that destroys the antibiotics.	Sulbactam is a beta-lactamase inhibitor. This drug is given in combination with beta-lactam antibiotics to inhibit beta-lactamase, an enzyme produced by bacteria that destroys the antibiotics.
DCC0897	Balapiravir	CAS:690270-29-2	C21H30N6O8	small molecule	investigational	494.4983	Treatment of dengue virus infection and hepatitis C virus.	null	Balapiravir is a prodrug of a nucleoside analogue and an inhibitor of hepatitis C virus replication in vivo.
DCC0903	Elvitegravir	CAS:697761-98-1	C23H23ClFNO5	small molecule	approved	447.8838	Used for the treatment of HIV infection	null	Elvitegravir is a drug used for the treatment of HIV infection. It acts as an integrase inhibitor.
DCC0909	Octenidine	CAS:71251-02-0	C36H62N4	small molecule	investigational	550.9043	A new topical antimicrobial for local treatment of skin, mucous membranes and wounds	null	Octenidine hydrochloride, a new alkanediylbis germicidal agent.
DCC0912	Dihydroartemisinin	CAS:71939-50-9	C15H24O5	biotech	approved	284.35	Dihydroartemisinin is a drug used to treat malaria.	null	Dihydroartemisinin is a drug used to treat malaria. Dihydroartemisinin is the active metabolite of all artemisinin compounds (artemisinin, artesunate, artemether, etc.) and is also available as a drug in itself.
DCC0904	Neratinib	CAS:698387-09-6	C30H29ClN6O3	small molecule	investigational	557.0427	Neratinib is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor under investigation for the treatment breast cancer and other solid tumours.	null	An orally available, 6,7-disubstituted-4-anilinoquinoline-3-carbonitrile irreversible inhibitor of the HER-2 receptor tyrosine kinase with potential antineoplastic activity. Neratinib binds to the HER-2 receptor irreversibly, thereby reducing autophosphorylation in cells, apparently by targeting a cysteine residue in the ATP-binding pocket of the receptor. Treatment of cells with this agent results in inhibition of downstream signal transduction events and cell cycle regulatory pathways; arrest at the G1-S (Gap 1/DNA synthesis)-phase transition of the cell division cycle; and ultimately decreased cellular proliferation. Neratinib also inhibits the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) kinase and the proliferation of EGFR-dependent cells.
DCC0907	Bicarbonate	CAS:71-52-3	CHNaO3	small molecule	approved	84.0066	It is used as an antacid to treat heartburn, indigestion, and upset stomach.	null	Bicarbonate is an intermediate form in the deprotonation of carbonic acid.
DCC0908	Medroxyprogeterone acetate	CAS:520-85-4	C22H32O3	small molecule	approved	344.4877	Used as a contraceptive and to treat secondary amenorrhea, abnormal uterine bleeding, pain associated with endometriosis, endometrial and renal cell carcinomas, paraphilia in males, GnRH-dependent forms of precocious puberty, as well as to prevent endometrial changes associated with estrogens.	Medroxyprogesterone is a synthetic progestin more potent than progesterone.	Progestins diffuse freely into target cells in the female reproductive tract, mammary gland, hypothalamus, and the pituitary and bind to the progesterone receptor. Once bound to the receptor, progestins slow the frequency of release of gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) from the hypothalamus and blunt the pre-ovulatory LH surge.
DCC0917	Campath 1H	CAS:727728-72-5	null	biotech	investigational	145453.8	Alemtuzumab is a drug used in the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL) and T-cell lymphoma.	null	Campath binds to CD52, an antigen that is present on the surface of B and T lymphocytes, a majority of monocytes, macrophages, natural killer (NK) cells, and a subpopulation of granulocytes. A proportion of bone marrow cells, including some CD34+ cells, express variable levels of CD52. The proposed mechanism of action is antibody-dependent cellular-mediated lysis following cell surface binding of Campath to the leukemic cells.
DCC0920	Ketorolac	CAS:66635-83-4	C15H13NO3	small molecule	approved	255.2686	For the short-term (~5 days) management of moderately severe acute pain that requires analgesia at the opioid level, usually in a postoperative setting.	Ketorolac, an antiinflammatory agent with analgesic and antipyretic properties, is used to treat osteoarthritis and control acute pain. It is a peripherally acting analgesic. The biological activity of ketorolac tromethamine is associated with the S-form. Ketorolac tromethamine possesses no sedative or anxiolytic properties.	Ketorolac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) chemically related to indomethacin and tolmetin. Ketorolac tromethamine is a racemic mixture of [-]S- and [+]R-enantiomeric forms, with the S-form having analgesic activity. Its antiinflammatory effects are believed to be due to inhibition of both cylooxygenase-1 (COX-1) and cylooxygenase-2 (COX-2) which leads to the inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis leading to decreased formation of precursors of prostaglandins and thromboxanes from arachidonic acid. The resultant reduction in prostaglandin synthesis and activity may be at least partially responsible for many of the adverse, as well as the therapeutic, effects of these medications. Analgesia is probably produced via a peripheral action in which blockade of pain impulse generation results from decreased prostaglandin activity. However, inhibition of the synthesis or actions of other substances that sensitize pain receptors to mechanical or chemical stimulation may also contribute to the analgesic effect. In terms of the ophthalmic applications of ketorolac - ocular administration of ketorolac reduces prostaglandin E2 levels in aqueous humor, secondary to inhibition of prostaglandin biosynthesis.
DCC0927	Pyronaridine	CAS:74847-35-1	C29H32ClN5O2	small molecule	investigational	518.04968	It is treatment for uncomplicated malaria, alone or combined with other drugs.	null	Pyronaridine has high potency against Plasmodium falciparum, including chloroquine-resistant strains.
DCC0932	Olaparib	CAS:763113-22-0	C24H23FN4O3	small molecule	investigational	434.4628	Olaparib is a treatment in development for patients with BRCA mutated ovarian cancer.	null	A small molecule inhibitor of the nuclear enzyme poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) with potential chemosensitizing, radiosensitizing, and antineoplastic activities. Olaparib selectively binds to and inhibits PARP, inhibiting PARP-mediated repair of single strand DNA breaks; PARP inhibition may enhance the cytotoxicity of DNA-damaging agents and may reverse tumor cell chemoresistance and radioresistance. PARP catalyzes post-translational ADP-ribosylation of nuclear proteins and can be activated by single-stranded DNA breaks.
DCC0938	Tricalcium phosphate	CAS:7758-87-4	2PO4. 3Ca	small molecule	investigational	310.1767	Human intrabony periodontal defects	null	Tricalcium phosphate is a calcium salt of phosphoric acid with the chemical formula Ca3(PO4)2. It is also known as tribasic calcium phosphate and bone phosphate of lime. Calcium phosphate is one of the main combustion products of bone.
DCC0944	Telcagepant	CAS:781649-09-0	C26H27F5N6O3	samll molecule	withdrawn	566.523	Telcagepant was an investigational drug for the acute treatment and prevention of migraine.	null	Telcagepant acts as a calcitonin gene-related peptide receptor (CRLR) antagonist and blocks this peptide. It is believed to constrict dilated blood vessels within the brain.
DCC0945	Sepantronium bromide	CAS:781661-94-7	C20H19N4O3. Br	samll molecule	investigational	443.2939	Tested in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer.	null	A small-molecule proapoptotic agent with potential antineoplastic activity. Sepantronium bromide selectively inhibits survivin expression in tumor cells, resulting in inhibition of survivin antiapoptotic activity (via the extrinsic or intrinsic apoptotic pathways) and tumor cell apoptosis. Survivin, a member of the inhibitor of apoptosis (IAP) gene family, is expressed during embryonal development and is absent in most normal, terminally differentiated tissues; upregulated in a variety of human cancers, its expression in tumors is associated with a more aggressive phenotype, shorter survival times, and a decreased response to chemotherapy.
DCC0414	Mesna	CAS:19767-45-4	C2H5O3S2. Na	small molecule	approved	164.18	Mesna is a detoxifying agent to inhibit the hemorrhagic cystitis induced by ifosfamide.	Mesna assists to neutralise these metabolites by binding through its sulfhydryl-moieties, and also increases urinary excretion of cysteine.	In the kidney, the mesna disulfide is reduced to the free thiol compound, mesna, which reacts chemically with the urotoxic ifosfamide metabolites (acrolein and 4-hydroxy-ifosfamide) resulting in their detoxification.
DCC0415	Sabarubicin	CAS:211100-13-9	C32H37NO13	small molecule	investigational	679.2	For the treatment of small cell lung cancer.	Ii is a disaccharide analogue of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic doxorubicin.	Sabarubicin intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. This agent also induces apoptosis through a p53-independent mechanism. Sabarubicin is less cardiotoxic than doxorubicin.
DCC0066	Mefloquine	CAS:53230-10-7	C17H16F6N2O	small molecule	approved	378.3122	For the treatment of mild to moderate acute malaria caused by Mefloquineuine-susceptible strains of <i>Plasmodium falciparum</i> (both chloroquine-susceptible and resistant strains) or by <i>Plasmodium vivax</i>. Also for the prophylaxis of <i>Plasmodium falciparum</i> and <i>Plasmodium vivax</i> malaria infections, including prophylaxis of chloroquine-resistant strains of <i>Plasmodium falciparum</i>.	Mefloquine is an antimalarial agent which acts as a blood schizonticide. Mefloquine is active against the erythrocytic stages of Plasmodium species. However, the drug has no effect against the exoerythrocytic (hepatic) stages of the parasite. Mefloquine is effective against malaria parasites resistant to chloroquine. Mefloquine is a chiral molecule. According to some research, the (+) enantiomer is more effective in treating malaria, and the (-) enantiomer specifically binds to adenosine receptors in the central nervous system, which may explain some of its psychotropic effects.	Mefloquine has been found to produce swelling of the <i>Plasmodium falciparum</i> food vacuoles. It may act by forming toxic complexes with free heme that damage membranes and interact with other plasmodial components.
DCC0416	Potassium oxonate	CAS:937-13-3	C4H3N3O4	small molecule	experimental	195.17	Potassium oxonate, an uricase inhibitor was used to induce hyperuricaemia.	Potassium oxonate in S-1 may reduce the suppression of antitumor immunity induced by 5-FU.	
DCC0417	Articaine hydrochloride	CAS:23964-57-0	C13H20N2O3S. HCl	small molecule	approved	320.1	Articaine is a dental local anesthetic.	Drugs that block nerve conduction when applied locally to nerve tissue in appropriate concentrations.	Articaine HCl is a member of the amino amide lass of local anesthetics. Local anesthetics block the generation and conduction of nerve impulses, presumably by increasing the threshold for electrical excitation in the nerve.
DCC0418	Dipropofol	CAS:2416-95-7	C24H34O2	small molecule	approved	354.53	It is for patients with bacteria infection.	Dipropofol hinders protein synthesis in bacteria cell wall.	Inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis or amino acid incorporation.
DCC0419	Torcetrapib	CAS:262352-17-0	C26H25F9N2O4	small molecule	investigational	600.47	Torcetrapib was a drug being developed to treat hypercholesterolemia (elevated cholesterol levels) and prevent cardiovascular disease.		Torcetrapib acts by inhibiting cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP), which normally transfers cholesterol from HDL cholesterol to very low density or low density lipoproteins (VLDL or LDL). Inhibition of this process results in higher HDL levels (the good cholesterol-containing particle) and reduces LDL levels (the bad cholesterol).
DCC0420	Tirapazamine	CAS:27314-97-2	C7H6N4O2	small molecule	investigational	178.05	An experimental anticancer drug on solid tumors.	Tirapazamine (SR-4233) is an experimental anticancer drug that is activated to a toxic radical only at very low levels of oxygen (hypoxia). Such levels are common in human solid tumors, a phenomenon known as tumor hypoxia.	A benzotriazine di-N-oxide with potential antineoplastic activity. Tirapazamine is selectively activated by multiple reductases to form free radicals in hypoxic cells, thereby inducing single-and double-strand breaks in DNA, base damage, and cell death. This agent also sensitizes hypoxic cells to ionizing radiation and inhibits the repair of radiation-induced DNA strand breaks via inhibition of topoisomerase II.
DCC0421	Vildagliptin	CAS:274901-16-5	C17H25N3O2	small molecule	approved	303.3993	Used to reduce hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus.	"Vildagliptin belongs to a class of orally active antidiabetic drugs (DPP-IV inhibitors) that appear to have multiple functional benefits beyond simple blood-glucose control. One of these is a potential protective effect on pancreatic beta cells, which deteriorate in diabetes. Vildagliptin appears to be safe, very well tolerated, and efficacious. Following a meal, gut incretin hormones are released. The most important incretin hormones are GLP-1 and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP). These hormones, secreted in the human small intestine, are responsible for insulin release due to increased glucose levels. In contrast to agents that promote insulin secretion via glucose-independent mechanisms, GLP-1's dependence on glucose concentration is considered beneficial due to a lower risk of hypoglycemia. GLP-1 also inhibits glucagon secretion and increases beta cell mass by stimulating proliferation and neogenesis. However, the clinical utility of GLP-1 is limited by its short half-life (2 minutes). GLP-1 is rapidly degraded by the proteolytic enzyme DPP-IV. To enhance GLP-1 activity, inhibition of the DPP-IV enzyme is emerging as a novel therapeutic approach in the treatment of diabetes. Administration of vildagliptin enhances GLP-1's ability to produce insulin in response to elevated concentrations of blood glucose, inhibit the release of glucagon following meals, slow the rate of nutrient absorption into the bloodstream, slow the rate of gastric emptying, and reduce food intake."	"Vildagliptin inhibits dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4). This in turn inhibits the inactivation of GLP-1 by DPP-4, allowing GLP-1 to potentiate the secretion of insulin in the beta cells. Dipeptidyl peptidase-4's role in blood glucose regulation is thought to be through degradation of GIP and the degradation of GLP-1."
DCC0422	Methylseleninic acid	CAS:28274-57-9	CH4O2Se	small molecule	investigational	127	For the treatment of cancer.		Selenium has been implicated as a promising chemopreventive agent for prostate cancer. Whereas the anticancer mechanisms have not been clearly defined, one hypothesis relates to selenium metabolites, especially the monomethyl selenium pool, generated under supranutritional selenium supplementation.
DCC0423	1,2,4-trioxolane	CAS:289-14-5	C2H4O3	small molecule	investigational	76.016	The 1,2,4-trioxolanes are a new class of synthetic peroxidic antimalarials currently in human clinical trials.		The 1,2,4-trioxolane is an iron-chelating agent, has ability to inhibit PfATP6, a sarcoplasmic reticulum calcium ATPase and proposed target for semisynthetic peroxidic artemisinin derivatives.
DCC0424	Alagebrium	CAS:341028-37-3	C13H14NOS. Cl	small molecule	investigational	267.77	For the treatment of hypertension and cardiovascular disease.	It is the first drug to be clinically tested for the purpose of breaking the crosslinks caused by advanced glycation endproducts (A.G.E.s), thereby reversing one of the main mechanisms of aging. Through this effect Alagebrium is designed to reverse the stiffening of blood vessel walls that contributes to hypertension and cardiovascular disease, as well as many other forms of degradation associated with protein crosslinking.	Pharmacologic intervention with alagebrium directly targets the biochemical pathway leading to the stiffness of the cardiovascular system. Removal of the A.G.E.s by cleavage of the abnormal crosslinking bonds has been associated with diminished inflammatory and sclerotic signaling pathways. These pathways are responsible for the deposition of abnormal amounts of matrix proteins that physically stiffen tissues. The presence of A.G.E. crosslinks also renders tissues and organs less susceptible to normal turnover thus enhancing the presence of these abnormal bonds on various molecules. Importantly, alagebrium does not disrupt the natural carbohydrate modification to proteins, intra-molecular crosslinking or peptide bonds that are responsible for maintaining the normal integrity of the collagen chain.
DCC0426	2-methoxyestradiol	CAS:362-07-2	C19H26O3	small molecule	investigational	302.41	For the treatment of breast cancers.	Apoptotic, antiproliferative and antiangiogenic agent, in vitro and in vivo; acts via an estrogen receptor-independent mechanism. Induces p53-induced apoptosis via two pathways: activation of p38 and NF-kapaB; and activation of JNK and AP-1 leading to Bcl-2 phosphorylation. Also upregulates death receptor 5 and binds to tubulin, inhibiting its assembly.	2-Methoxyestradiol (2-ME), an endogenous metabolite of estradiol-17beta, inhibits tumor angiogenesis while also exerting potent cytotoxic effects on various cancer cells. 2-ME has been shown to activate the p38 MAPK and JNK pathways and to induce apoptosis in cells, although the underlying molecular mechanisms for this are unknown. It is reported that the expression of Smad7, an adaptor molecule required to activate p38 MAPK in the transforming growth factor beta signaling pathway, is also required for 2-ME-induced p38 activation and apoptosis in human prostate cancer cells (PC-3U).
DCC0427	CI-1040	CAS:212631-79-3	C17H14ClF2IN2O2	small molecule	investigational	478.66	Tested in advanced colorectal, NSCLC, breast, or pancreatic cancer.	CI-1040 is an oral inhibitor of mitogen-activated extracellular signal regulated kinase kinase (MEK), a key enzyme in the Ras-Raf-MEK- extracellular signal regulated kinase (ERK) kinase pathway known to be involved in key cellular activities including proliferation, differentiation, apoptosis, and angiogenesis.	CI-1040 is an orally active, highly specific, small-molecule inhibitor of one of the key components of this pathway (MEK1/MEK2), and thereby effectively blocks the phosphorylation of ERK and continued signal transduction through this pathway.
DCC0428	GW6471	CAS:880635-03-0	C35H36F3N3O4	samll molecule	investigational	619.67	A compound test in renal cell carcinoma, breast cancer.	GW 6471 is an antagonist of PPARalpha (IC50 = 240 nM).4 It drives the displacement of coactivators from PPARalpha and promotes the recruitment of co-repressor proteins like nuclear co-repressor.4 GW 6471 is used in cell-free, cell lysate, and whole cell systems to examine the impact of PPARalpha antagonism.	GW6471 induces a PPAR alpha conformation that interacts efficiently with co-repressors.
DCC0429	Afatinib	CAS:850140-72-6	C24H25ClFN5O3	small molecule	approved	485.938	Afatinib is a kinase inhibitor indicated for the first-line treatment of patient with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumours have epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) exon 19 deletions or exon 21 (L858R) substitution mutations as detected by an FDA-approved test.	Afatinib did not effect the QTc interval.	Afatinib is an irreversible kinase inhibitor and binds to the kinase domains of EGFR (ErbB1), HER2 (ErbB2), and HER4 (ErbB4) to inhibit tyrosine kinase autophosphorylation. This results in a downregulation of ErbB signalling and subsequent inhibition of proliferation of cell lines expressing wild-type EGFR, selected EGFR exon 19 deletion mutations, or exon 21 L858R mutations. It also inhibited in vitro proliferation of cell lines overexpressing HER2. Overall, tumour growth was inhibited.
DCC0430	NU6140	CAS:444723-13-1	C23H30N6O2	small molecule	investigational	422.24	It could potentiate of paclitaxel-induced apoptosis in ovarian cancer cell line.	A highly cell-permeable purine compound that displays anticancer properties and acts as a selective and ATP-competitive inhibitor of Cdks. Shown to cause cell cycle arrest at the G2/M phase and induce apoptosis by activating caspases and down-regulation survivin.	It is Cdk2 Inhibitor IV, down-regulated antiapoptotic protein survivin to induce apoptosis.
DCC0431	Curcumin	CAS:458-37-7	C21H20O6	small molecule	approved	368.13	Tested in colorectal cancer and also shows antimicrobial and anti-infammatory activity.	Curcumin as responsible for most of the biological activity of turmeric.	Curcumin acts as a free radical scavenger and antioxidant, inhibiting lipid peroxidation and oxidative DNA damage. Curcuminoids induce glutathione S-transferase and are potent inhibitors of cytochrome P450.
DCC0432	Beta-lapachone	CAS:4707-32-8	C15H14O3	small molecule	investigational	242.27	Showing potential antineoplastic and radiosensitizing activity.	Beta-lapachone, a naphthoquinone compound derived from bark of Tabebuia sp., with antitumor, antibacterial, antifungal and antitrypanosomal activities.	Beta-lapachone exerts its anti-tumor effect by indirect actions of inducing p53-independent apoptosis and cell cycle arrest mediated through altered activities of cell cycle control regulatory proteins; including down-regulating retinoblastoma protein (pRB), a transcriptional repressor target at transcription factor E2F-1, as well as induces expression of cyclin dependent kinase inhibitor 1A (CDKN1A or p21). Both E2F-1 and p21 are required for G1/S-phase transition during cell cycle. This agent also inhibits DNA topoisomerase I by a mechanism distinct from that of camptothecin, and thereby blocks the formation of a cleavable complex leading to enzyme inhibition and prevent DNA repair. Furthermore, beta-lapachone could induce reactive oxygen species in vivo, and result in cytotoxicity.
DCC0436	Adarotene	CAS:496868-77-0	C25H26O3	small molecule	investigational	374.19	It shows selective apoptotic activity on the leukaemic blast, ovarian cancer and other solid tumors.	The adamantyl retinoid adarotene  (ST1926) is a potent inducer of apoptosis in ovarian carcinoma cells.	Adarotene causes an immediate increase in the cytosolic levels of calcium that are directly related to the apoptotic potential of the Retinoid-related molecules (RRMs) considered. The intracellular calcium elevation is predominantly the result of an inhibition of the mitochondrial calcium uptake.
DCC0437	AEE788	CAS:497839-62-0	C27H32N6	small molecule	investigational	440.58	Research suggest that AEE788 plus letrozole in breast cancer overexpressing HER2 may provide superior anti-tumour activity, compared with single agents.	AEE788, an orally bioavailable multiple-receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor. was demonstrated antiproliferative activity against a range of EGFR and ErbB2-overexpressing cell lines (including EGFRvIII-dependent lines) and inhibited the proliferation of epidermal growth factor- and VEGF-stimulated human umbilical vein endothelial cells.	AEE788 inhibits phosphorylation of the tyrosine kinases of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), and vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGF2), resulting in receptor inhibition, the inhibition of cellular proliferation, and induction of tumor cell and tumor-associated endothelial cell apoptosis.
DCC0433	ST-91	CAS:4749-61-5	C13H19N3	small molecule	investigational	217.31	Combination with dexmedetomidine for the treatment of pain.	ST-91 selectively bind to and activate alpha adrenergic receptors and mimic the effects of parasympathetic nervous system activity.	It is an alpha 2-adrenoceptor agonist that does not cross the blood brain barrier. Displays selectivity for alpha2 receptors over alpha1 receptors and acts predominantly at non-alpha2A-adrenoceptors which may be of the alpha2C subtype.
DCC0434	Luteolin	CAS:491-70-3	C15H10O6	small molecule	investigational	286.05	Luteolin have been used in Chinese traditional medicine for treating various diseases such as hypertension, inflammatory disorders, and cancer.	Luteolin is a flavonoid; more specifically, it is one of the more common flavones. These characteristics of luteolin are also believed to play an important part in the prevention of cancer. Multiple research experiments describe luteolin as a biochemical agent that can dramatically reduce inflammation and the symptoms of septic shock.	It is thought to play an important role in the human body as an antioxidant, a free radical scavenger, an agent in the prevention of inflammation, a promoter of carbohydrate metabolism, and an immune system modulator.
DCC0435	Kynurenic acid	CAS:492-27-3	C10H7NO3	small molecule	investigational	189.17	For the treatment of schizophrenia with the glutamate hypothesis of the disease.	Kynurenic acid acts in the brain as a glycine-site NMDAr antagonist, key in glutamatergic neurotransmission system, which is thought to be involved in the pathophysiology and pathogenesis of schizophrenia.	KYNA has been found to act on three receptors: As a noncompetitive antagonist at the glycine site of the NMDA receptor. As an antagonist of the alpha 7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor. This action is contrary to another tryptophan metabolite, 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid; as a ligand for the orphan G-protein-coupled receptor GPR35.
DCC0439	5-2,4-dihydroxypyrimidine	CAS:504-07-4	C9H16N4O6	small molecule	investigational	276.2465	A compoment of chemotherapy TS-1, which is widely used against gastric cancer.	5-2,4-dihydroxypyrimidine (CDHP) is component in TS-1.	CDHP is a reversible inhibitor of dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase (DPD), the liver enzyme responsible for rapid catabolism of 5-FU into inactive metabolites.
DCC0440	Mizoribine	CAS:50924-49-7	C9H13N3O6	small molecule	approved	259.08	Mizoribine is a purine synthesis inhibitor developed as a new immunosuppressant used in organ transplantation	Mizoribine has been demonstrated to inhibit T lymphocyte proliferation by depleting these cells of guanine ribonucleotides as a consequence of inhibiting the enzyme inosine monophosphate (IMP) dehydrogenase. Because the immunosuppressive agents azathioprine and 6-mercaptopurine (6MP) are both converted to the IMP analog 6-thio-IMP, we postulated that these drugs might inhibit T cell activation and/or proliferation by a similar mechanism.	Mizoribine has been demonstrated to inhibit T lymphocyte proliferation by depleting these cells of guanine ribonucleotides as a consequence of inhibiting the enzyme inosine monophosphate (IMP) dehydrogenase. Because the immunosuppressive agents azathioprine and 6-mercaptopurine (6MP) are both converted to the IMP analog 6-thio-IMP, it is postulated that these drugs might inhibit T cell activation and/or proliferation by a similar mechanism.
DCC0441	Dibutyryl-cGMP	CAS:51116-00-8	C18H23N5NaO9P	small molecule	investigational	485.13	It can be used in some cGMP-dependent protein kinase related disease treatment.	Dibutyryl cyclic GMP, a competitive inhibitor of cholecystokinin/pancreozymin and related peptides in the gallbladder and ileum.	A cell-permeable cGMP analog which preferentially activates cGMP-dependent protein kinase. It inhibits thrombin stimulated arachidonic acid release in human platelets.
DCC0442	Emodin	CAS:518-82-1	C15H10O5	small molecule	investigational	270.05	Emodin shows antineuroectodermal tumor activity	Emodin can induce apoptosis in cancer cells.	Emodin-induced apoptosis through p53-dependent pathway, emodin-induced apoptosis in HepG2/C3A cells were mediated through the activation of p53, p21, Fas/APO-1, and caspase-3.
DCC0443	Pipemidic acid	CAS:51940-44-4	C14H17N5O3	small molecule	approved	303.32	Antimicrobial against Gram negative and some Gram positive bacteria. It is protein bound and concentrated in bile and urine and used for gastrointestinal, biliary, and urinary infections.		Pipemidic acid inhibits of DNA synthesis. The drugs inhibit DNA gyrase, a topoisomerase that negatively supercoils DNA in a reaction driven by ATP hydrolysis.
DCC0444	Ponicidin	CAS:52617-37-5	C20H26O6	small molecule	investigational	362.17	"Ponicidin is reported to have anti-tumour effects on a large variety of cancers. "	Ponicidin has been reported to have a variety of biological effects such as immunoregulatory and anti-inflammatory functions as well as anti-viral functions especially in the upper respiratory tract infection.	Ponicidin can inhibit the growth and metastasis of prostate cancer due to its significant antiangiogenic activity and induction of apoptosis .
DCC0445	Sodium benzoate	CAS:532-32-1	C7H5O2. Na	small molecule	approved	144.1	Treatment of hyper-ammonemia in urea cycle disorders.	Sodium benzoate is metabolically active compounds that can serve as alternatives to urea for the excretion of waste nitrogen. Phenylacetate conjugates with glutamine in the liver and kidneys to form phenylacetylglutamine, via acetylation.	Penzoate provides an alternative pathway for nitrogen disposal in patients without a fully functioning urea cycle. Two moles of nitrogen are removed per mole of phenylacetate when it is conjugated with glutamine, and one mole of nitrogen is removed per mole of benzoate when it is conjugated with glycine.
DCC0446	Tubacin	CAS:537049-40-4	C41H43N3O7S	small molecule	approved	721.28	Tubacin was used to study the role of HDAC6 in migration and invasion of bladder cancer cells.	Tubacin specifically triggers acetylation of alpha-tubulin as a result of HDAC6 inhibition.	HDAC inhibitors (HDI) block this action and can result in hyperacetylation of histones, therefore affecting gene expression.
DCC0447	Thonzonium bromide	CAS:553-08-2	C32H55N4O. Br	small molecule	approved	591.71	The treatment of superficial bacterial infections of the external auditory canal.	Thonzonium bromide is a surface-active agent that promotes tissue contact.	Thonzonium bromide is a surface-active agent that promotes tissue contact by dispersion and penetration of the cellular debris and exudate.
DCC0448	Laropiprant	CAS:571170-77-9	C21H19ClFNO4S	small molecule	approved	435.9	Treatment of atherosclerosis, dyslipidemia, and conditions when administered with niacin.		Laropiprant acts as a DP1 antagonist, reducing the vasodilation.
DCC0450	Miltefosine	CAS:58066-85-6	C21H46NO4P	small molecule	approved	407.32	Miltefosine is registered and used by Zentaris GmbH in India, Colombia and Germany for the treatment of visceral and cutaneous leishmaniasis, and is u ndergoing clinical trials for this use in several other countries, such as Brazil and Guatemala.	Antifungal Agents: Substances that destroy fungi by suppressing their ability to grow or reproduce. They differ from FUNGICIDES, INDUSTRIAL because th ey defend against fungi present in human or animal tissues. Antineoplastic Agents: Substances that inhibits cancer growth.	Emodin Miltefosine acts by inhibiting the PI3K/Akt pathway, thus removing the infected macrophages from circulation, without affecting healthy cells.
DCC0451	Trichostatin A	CAS:58880-19-6	C17H22N2O3	small molecule	approved	302.16	Trichostatin A serves as an antifungal antibiotic.	It is a member of a larger class of histone deacetylase inhibitors (HDIs or HDACIs) that have a broad spectrum of epigenetic activities. Thus, TSA has some uses as an anti-cancer drug.	Trichostatin A is an organic compound that serves as an antifungal antibiotic and selectively inhibits the class I and II mammalian histone deacetylase (HDAC) families of enzymes, but not class III HDACs (i.e., Sirtuins). TSA inhibits the eukaryotic cell.
DCC0452	Methylene blue	CAS:61-73-4	C16H18N3S. 3H2O. Cl	small molecule	investigational	319.09	Drug induced methemoglobinemia.	Methylene blue is Phenothiazin-5-ium, 3,7-bis (dimethylamino)-, chloride, trihydrate. It will produce two opposite actions on hemoglobin. Low concentrations will convert methemoglobin to hemoglobin. High concentrations convert the ferrous iron of reduced hemoglobin to ferric iron which results in the formation of methemoglobin.	Methylene blue is a monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI), and if infused intravenously at doses exceeding 5 mg/kg, may precipitate serious serotonin toxicity, serotonin syndrome, if combined with any selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) or other serotonin reuptake inhibitor.
DCC0453	Docosahexaenoic acid	CAS:6217-54-5	C22H32O2	small molecule	approved	328.49	DHA is widely used as a food supplement. It was first used primarily in infant formulas.	DHA has the largest effect on brain PUFA composition. DHA is found in three phospholipids: phosphatidylethanolamine, ethanolamine plasmalogens, and phosphatidylserine (PS). It modulates the carrier-mediated transport of choline, glycine, and taurine, the function of delayed rectifier potassium channels, and the response of rhodopsin contained in the synaptic vesicles, among many other functions. DHA was found to inhibit growth of human colon carcinoma cells.	
DCC0454	Artemisinin	CAS:63968-64-9	C15H22O5	small molecule	approved	282.15	Artemisinins can be used alone, but this leads to a high rate of recrudescence (return of parasites) and other drugs are required to clear the body of all parasites and prevent recurrence.	Artemisinin is a potent and rapidly acting blood schizontocide used in the treatment of malaria; active against chloroquine-resistant Plasmodium falciparum and chloroquine-sensitive P. falciparum and P. vivax.	The specific mechanism of action of artemisinin is not well understood, and there is ongoing research directed at elucidating it. When the parasite that causes malaria infects a red blood cell, it consumes hemoglobin and liberates free heme, an iron-porphyrin complex. The iron reduces the peroxide bond in artemisinin generating high-valent iron-oxo species, resulting in a cascade of reactions that produce reactive oxygen radicals which damage the parasite leading to its death.  Numerous studies have investigated the type of damage that these oxygen radicals may induce. For example, Pandey et al. have observed inhibition of digestive vacuole cysteine protease activity of malarial parasite by artemisinin. These observations were further confirmed by ex vivo experiments showing accumulation of hemoglobin in the parasites treated with artemisinin, suggesting inhibition of hemoglobin degradation. They found artemisinin to be a potent inhibitor of hemozoin formation activity of malaria parasite.  A 2005 study investigating the mode of action of artemisinin using a yeast model demonstrated that the drug acts on the electron transport chain, generates local reactive oxygen species, and causes the depolarization of the mitochondrial membrane.
DCC0455	Naphthoquine	CAS:68157-60-8	C10H6O2	small molecule	approved	247.68	For the treatment of malaria.	Naphthoquine phosphate has thorough killing function for various schizonts of plasmodia, including resistance of P. falciparum to chloroquine. It showed good antimalarial activity against Plasmodium berghei in mice.	
DCC0456	Tanespimycin	CAS:75747-14-7	C31H43N3O8	small molecule	investigational	585.31	Tanespimycin is a derivative of the antibiotic geldanamycin that is being studied in the treatment of cancer, specific young patients with certain types of leukemia or solid tumors, especially kidney tumors.	Tanespimycin is an Hsp90 inhibitor and prevents aggregation.	Tanespimycin binds to Hsp90 (Heat Shock Protein 90) and alters its function. HSP90 client proteins play important roles in the regulation of the cell cycle, cell growth, cell survival, apoptosis, angiogenesis and oncogenesis. It induces the degradation of proteins that are mutated in tumor cells such as v-Src, Bcr-Abl and p53 preferentially over their normal cellular counterparts.
DCC0457	Sorivudine	CAS:77181-69-2	C11H13BrN2O6	small molecule	investigational	348	For the treatment of herpes zoster.	"Sorivudine is phosphorylated by thymidine kinase activity in the body and is absorbed into the virus's DNA, to inhibit viral DNA replication of DNA polymerase to make it fail to inhibit viral growth. Sorivudine is active against most species in the herpesvirus family."	"Sorivudine is phosphorylated by thymidine kinase activity in the body and is absorbed into the virus's DNA, to inhibit viral DNA replication of DNA polymerase to make it fail to inhibit viral growth."
DCC0458	Phenoxodiol	CAS:81267-65-4	C15H12O3	samll molecule	investigational	240.25	Phenoxodiol is being developed as a therapy for late-stage, chemo- resistant prostate, ovarian and cervical cancers.	"Phenoxodiol targets the tNOX protein, which regulates a number of vital cell functions, including a hydrogen excretion pump. Inhibition of tNOX leads to inhibition of this pump and loss of the cell's redox potential, producing a generalized biochemical disruption including inhibition of phosphorylation of the key pro-survival sphingosine-1-phosphate and Akt signaling pathways. Inhibition of production of anti-apoptotic proteins including XIAP is a key biochemical outcome."	The mechanism of action of phenoxodiol suggests a potential to be used both as a single-agent therapy and in combination with standard anti-cancer drugs where it acts to enhance the efficacy of those drugs in chemo-sensitive patients and to restore sensitivity to those drugs in chemo-resistant patients.
DCC0459	CP55940	CAS:83002-04-4	C24H40O3	samll molecule	investigational	376.3	It is currently used to study the endocannabinoid system.	CP 55,940 reportedly produces cannabis-like effects in humans, albeit with a significantly longer duration of effects, at doses as low as 0.25 - 1 milligrams and could potentially be used as an alternative to medicinal marijuana.	It displays high and roughly equal affinity for both central and peripheral cannabinoid receptors and typically exhibits neuroprotective properties.
DCC0460	Raclopride	CAS:84225-95-6	C15H20Cl2N2O3	samll molecule	investigational	347.24	For the treatment of schizophrenia.	Raclopride is a synthetic compound that acts as an antagonist on D2 dopamine receptors. It can thus be used as a neuroleptic agent to treat schizophrenia. It can be radiolabelled with the carbon-11 radioisotope and used in positron emission tomography (PET) scanning to assess the degree of dopamine binding to the D2 neuroreceptor.	The radioligand raclopride C11 is retained in tissue as a result of binding to a neurotransmitter receptor. Raclopride is a selective dopamine antagonist with a high affinity for dopamine type 2 (D2) receptors. Since the neurotransmitter dopamine may be involved in various neuropsychiatric diseases, the in vivo binding of raclopride to dopamine receptors in the striatum can be measured by positron emission tomography (PET) with radiolabeled raclopride used as a tracer.
DCC0461	Lexatumumab	CAS:845816-02-6	C6346H9832N1720O2002S42	biotech	investigational	143510.87	It is an agonistic human monoclonal antibody against TRAIL-R2 (DR5, APO-2) used in the treatment of cancer.		Lexatumumab, a fully human monoclonal agonistic antibody directed against tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha)-related apoptosis-inducing ligand receptor-2 (TRAIL-R2) with potential antitumor activity. Mimicking the natural ligand TRAIL, lexatumumab binds to and activates TRAIL-R2, which may trigger apoptosis in and inhibit the growth of TRAIL-R2-expressing tumor cells. TRAIL-R2, also known as death receptor 5 (DR5), is a member of the TNF receptor family and is expressed on many malignant cell types.
DCC0462	ABT-737	CAS:852808-04-9	C42H45ClN6O5S2	samll molecule	investigational	812.26	Studies have reported that it effectively kills acute myeloid leukemia blast, progenitor, and stem cells without affecting normal hematopoietic cells.	ABT-737 experimentally blocks the action of a class of proteins known as the Bcl-2 family  which plays a central role in regulating apoptosis and, consequently, in tumor formation, tumor growth and resistance to treatment.	ABT-737 binds to the Bcl-2 proteins, and, in effect, restores cell death to cancerous cells. ABT-737 was found to effectively kill certain cancer cell lines, including lymphoma and small cell lung carcinoma. Additionally, Abbott Bcl-2 family inhibitors were found to enhance the effects of chemotherapy and radiation in other types of cancer, such as non-small cell lung cancer.
DCC0463	Acrivastine	CAS:87848-99-5	C22H24N2O2	samll molecule	approved	348.43	Acrivastine is a medication used for the treatment of allergies and hay fever.	Histamine H1 Antagonists, Non-Sedating.	Binding but do not activate histamine receptors (INVERSE AGONISM), thereby blocking the actions of histamine or histamine agonists.
DCC0464	Artesunate	CAS:88495-63-0	C19H28O8	samll molecule	approved	384.42	For the treatment of malaria.	Artesunate is a potent blood schizonticide agent for P. falciparum. It is effective against P. falciparum resistant to all other antimalarial drugs. It does not have hypnozoiticidal activity. It reduces gametocyte carriage rate. Artesunate binds tightly to parasitized erythrocyte membranes. The functional group responsible for antimalarial activity of artesunate is endoperoxide bond. Release of an active oxygen species from this bond kills the parasite if accumulated in the erythrocytic cells. It also suppresses the production or activity of antioxidant enzymes in the erythrocytes, causing lysis of the parasitic cell due to the highly reactive free oxygen radicals. Artesunate has been reported to clear fever in patients with severe falciparum malaria 16 - 25 hours after parenteral administration.	Artesunate and its active metabolite dihydroartemisinin are potent blood schizonticides, active against the ring stage of the parasite. Artesunate is ideal for the treatment of severe malaria, including cerebral malaria. It is also active against chloroquine and mefloquine resistant strains of P. falciparum.
DCC0465	SC144	CAS:895158-95-9	null	samll molecule	investigational	null	Chemotherapeutic agent for cancer.	SC144 exhibited potent cytotoxicity against a panel of drug-sensitive and drug-resistant cancer cell lines. To further explore its therapeutic potentials in the combination settings, we evaluated the synergy between SC144 and selected conventional chemotherapeutic agents in in-vitro cancer cell models. SC144 showed synergism with both 5-fluorouracil and oxaliplatin when cotreated in colorectal cancer HT29 cells. Pretreatment with SC144 in oxaliplatin-resistant HTOXAR3 cells was more effective than oxaliplatin pretreatment.	SC144 is able to induce IL24 expression, and IL24 protein is known to be a very selective anticancer protein without side effects on normal cells.
DCC0466	Chitosan	CAS:9012-76-4	C56H103N9O39	samll molecule	investigational	1525.64	Possibly Effective for patients with kidney failure who are on chronic hemodialysis. When ingested by these patients, chitosan may reduce high cholesterol; improve anemia; and improve physical strength, appetite, and sleep.	Chitosan is extracted from the shells of shrimp, lobster, and crabs. It is a fibrous substance that might block absorption of dietary fat and cholesterol.	Chitosan hemostatic products reduce blood loss in comparison to gauze dressings and increases patient survival. Chitosan is hypoallergenic, and has natural anti-bacterial properties, further supporting its use in field bandages.
DCC0467	Tetracaine	CAS:94-24-6	C15H24N2O2	small molecule	approved	264.36	Anesthetics, Local	Tetracaine block sodium ion channels required for the initiation and conduction of neuronal impulses which, in certain instances, results in local anesthesia.	"Blocking both the initiation and conduction of nerve impulses by decreasing the neuronal membrane's permeability to sodium ions, perhaps by attaching to a site on the sodium channel. This reversibly stabilizes the membrane and inhibits depolarization, result local anesthesia."
DCC0468	Benzoyl peroxide	CAS:94-36-0	C14H10O4	small molecule	approved	242.23	The topical treatment of mild to moderate acne vulgaris.	Benzoyl peroxide has an antibacterial effect. It also has a mild drying effect that allows excess oil and dirt to be washed away.	Release of active or free-radical oxygen capable of oxidizing bacterial proteins is suspected.
DCC0469	Trimidox	CAS:95933-74-7	C7H8N2O4	small molecule	investigational	184.2	For the treatment of bacterial infection.	Trimidox Provides Effective Antibacterial Activity Against A Wide Range Of Infections Caused By Gram-positive And Gram-negative Bacteria.	Trimidox is a specific ribonucleotide reductase inhibitor that reduces levels of dGTP and dCTP in HL-60 cells, inducing apoptosis via activation of caspases without altering the cell cycle distribution. Trimidox inhibits growth of human promyelocytic leukemia HL-60 cells with an IC50 value of 35 nM. A new inhibitor of ribonucleotide reductase.
DCC0470	Citicoline	CAS:987-78-0	C14H26N4O11P2	small molecule	investigational	489.12	"Citicoline is a psychostimulant/nootropic.Possibly Effective for age-related memory problems and Stroke. Insufficient Evidence to Rate Effectiveness for Alzheimer's disease and other types of dementia, head trauma, Parkinson's disease, and glaucoma."	Citicoline seems to increase a brain chemical called phosphatidylcholine. This brain chemical is important for brain function. Citicoline might also decrease brain tissue damage when the brain is injured.	Citicoline serves as a choline donor in the metabolic pathways for biosynthesis of acetylcholine and neuronal membrane phospholipids, chiefly phosphatidylcholine in vivo.
DCC0471	Peloruside A	null	C27H48O11	small molecule	investigational	548.32	Peloruside A synergizes with other microtubule stabilizing agents in cultured cancer cell lines.	Peloruside A stabilizes microtubules and inhibits mitosis.	Peloruside A has potent paclitaxel-like microtubule-stabilizing activity and is cytotoxic at nanomolar concentrations. Its 16-membered macrolide ring is similar to that of epothilone, a drug currently under clinical investigation as an anticancer agent. Like paclitaxel, peloruside A arrests cells in the G2-M phase of the cell cycle and induces apoptosis.
DCC0472	Ec107fabI	null	null	biotech	investigational	null	Antimicrobial activity	It is an antisense peptide nucleic acids (PNAs) for gene inhibition studies in bacteria, where an attached peptide aids cell uptake.	Inhibiting the target gene expression.
DCC0473	HPMA copolymer	null	null	samll molecule	investigational	null	Cancer drug carrier.	Macromolecular therapeutics based on HPMA copolymers are biocompatible, preferentially accumulate in tumors, and possess a higher anticancer efficacy than low molecular weight drugs.	Macromolecular therapeutics based on HPMA copolymers are biocompatible, preferentially accumulate in tumors, and possess a higher anticancer efficacy than low molecular weight drugs.
DCC0474	HSV thymidine kinase gene	null	null	biotech	investigational	null	Used as an anticancer gene therapy		It can enhance prodrug metabolisom.
DCC0475	Adenoviral delivery of human P450R genes	null	null	biotech	investigational	null	It is an anticancer gene therapy.		It can enhance target drug metabolism.
DCC0477	VPR1020	null	null	samll molecule	investigational	null	Used to prevent drug induced nephrotoxicity and oxidative stress	null	VRP 1020 with fixed dose combination of Immunox-V can prevent drug induced nephrotoxicity and oxidative stress which protects liver injury as well as renal tissue damage by reducing reactive oxygen species which improve the activities of free radical scavenging enzymes.
DCC0478	NGR-hTNF	null	null	small molecule	investigational	null	NGR-hTNF is an agent for solid tumours that specifically targets tumour blood vessels.	null	NGR-hTNF is a first-in-class compound based on the combination of a tumour homing peptide (NGR) with the human Tumour Necrosis Factor (hTNF). The resulting molecule has unique activity, including a direct biological antitumour activity and an increase of vascular permeability, thus making NGR-hTNF particularly attractive both as novel single agent therapeutic option, and as a part of a combination therapy with most chemotherapy regimens.
DCC0480	Interferon alfa	null	null	small molecule	investigational	null	Used against viral infections and cancer	null	Interferons (IFNs) are natural cell-signaling proteins produced by the cells of the immune system of most vertebrates in response to challenges such as viruses, parasites and tumor cells. They belong to the large class of glycoproteins known as cytokines and are produced by a wide variety of cells in response to the presence of double-stranded RNA, a key indicator of viral infection. Interferons assist the immune response by inhibiting viral replication within host cells, activating natural killer cells and macrophages, increasing antigen presentation to T lymphocytes, and increasing the resistance of host cells to viral infection. There are 3 known classes of interferons; type I, type II and type III. All classes are very important in fighting viral infections. Their presence also accounts for some of the host symptoms to infections, such as sore muscles and fever.
DCC0481	DispersinB	null	null	biotech	investigational	null	Dispersin B may be useful for treating and preventing biofilm-associated infections caused by poly-N-acetylglucosamine-producing bacteria.	Dispersin B catalyzes the hydrolysis of poly-N-acetylglucosamine, a sticky extracellular polysaccharide produce by various Gram-positive bacteria including Staphylococcus aureus and Staphylococcus epidermidis, as well as many Gram-negative bacteria including Escherichia coli, Yersinia pestis and Bordetella spp. Poly-N-acetylglucosamine is sometimes called polysaccharide intercellular adhesin or PIA.	Dispersin B plays a role in the detachment and dispersal of bacterial cells from Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans biofilms.
DCC0482	IL-27	null	null	small molecule	investigational	null	Used in inflammatory diseases	Interleukin-27 is a heterodimeric cytokine belonging to the IL-12 family that is composed of two subunits; Epstein-Barr virus-induced gene 3 and IL27-p28. IL-27 is produced by antigen-presenting cells.	
DCC1127	Interferon alfa-2a	CAS:77907-69-8	C860H1353N227O255S9	biotech	approved	19241.1	"For the treatment of chronic hepatitis C, hairy cell leukemia, AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma, and chronic myelogenous leukemia. Also for the treatment of oral warts arising from HIV infection."	"Upregulates the expression of MHC I proteins, allowing for increased presentation of peptides derived from viral antigens. This enhances the activation of CD8+ T cells that are the precursors for cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) and makes the macrophage a better target for CTL-mediated killing. Interferon alpha also induce the synthesis of several key antiviral mediators, including 2'-5' oligoadenylate synthetase (2'-5' A synthetase) and protein kinase R."	Interferon alpha binds to type I interferon receptors (IFNAR1 and IFNAR2c) which, upon dimerization, activate two Jak (Janus kinase) tyrosine kinases (Jak1 and Tyk2). These transphosphorylate themselves and phosphorylate the receptors. The phosphorylated INFAR receptors then bind to Stat1 and Stat2 (signal transducers and activators of transcription)which dimerize and activate multiple (~100) immunomodulatory and antiviral proteins. Interferon alpha binds less stably to type I interferon receptors than interferon beta.
DCC1844	Phenazopyridine hydrochloride	CAS:136-40-3	C11H11N5. HCl	small molecule	approved	249.6995	For the symptomatic relief of pain, burning, urgency, frequency, and other discomforts arising from irritation of the lower urinary tract mucosa caused by infection, trauma, surgery, endoscopic procedures, or the passage of sounds or catheters.	A local anesthetic that has been used in urinary tract disorders. Its use is limited by problems with toxicity (primarily blood disorders) and potential carcinogenicity.	"Phenazopyridine's mechanism of action is not well known, and only basic information on its interaction with the body is available. It is known that the chemical has a direct topical analgesic effect on the mucosa lining of the urinary tract."
DCC1845	Phenylpropanolamine	CAS:14838-15-4	C9H13NO	small molecule	approved	151.2056	For the treatment of nasal congestion, control of urinary incontinence, priapism and obesity.		Phenylpropanolamine acts directly on alpha- and, to a lesser degree, beta-adrenergic receptors in the mucosa of the respiratory tract. Stimulation of alpha-adrenergic receptors produces vasoconstriction, reduces tissue hyperemia, edema, and nasal congestion, and increases nasal airway patency. PPA indirectly stimulates beta-receptors, producing tachycardia and a positive inotropic effect.
DCC1846	Polythiazide	CAS:346-18-9	C11H13ClF3N3O4S3	small molecule	approved	439.8818	Polythiazide is a thiazide diuretic used to decrease edema and decrease blood pressure.	A thiazide diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide.	As a diuretic, polythiazide inhibits active chloride reabsorption at the early distal tubule via the thiazide-sensitive Na-Cl cotransporter (TSC), resulting in an increase in the excretion of sodium, chloride, and water. Thiazides like polythiazide also inhibit sodium ion transport across the renal tubular epithelium through binding to the thiazide sensitive sodium-chloride transporter. This results in an increase in potassium excretion via the sodium-potassium exchange mechanism. The antihypertensive mechanism of polythiazide may be mediated through its action on carbonic anhydrases in the smooth muscle or through its action on the large-conductance calcium-activated potassium (KCa) channel, also found in the smooth muscle.
DCC1840	Metrizoic acid	CAS:1949-45-7	C12H11I3N2O4	small molecule	approved	627.9402	Metrizoic acid is a molecule used as a contrast medium in cardiac angiography.	Metrizoic acid is a molecule used as a contrast medium.	null
DCC1841	Norethynodrel	CAS:68-23-5	C20H26O2	small molecule	approved	298.4192	It is used in combination with an estrogen as an oral contraceptive, to control endometriosis.	Norethynodrel - a progesterone derivative used in oral contraceptives and in the control of menstruation and the treatment of abnormal uterine bleeding.	null
DCC1842	Pargyline hydrochloride	CAS:306-07-0	C11H13N. HCl	small molecule	approved	195.6886	For the treatment of moderate to severe hypertension.	A monoamine oxidase inhibitor with antihypertensive properties.	MAOIs act by inhibiting the activity of monoamine oxidase, thus preventing the breakdown of monoamine neurotransmitters and thereby increasing their availability. There are two isoforms of monoamine oxidase, MAO-A and MAO-B. MAO-A preferentially deaminates serotonin, melatonin, epinephrine and norepinephrine. MAO-B preferentially deaminates phenylethylamine and trace amines. Pargyline functions by inhibiting the metabolism of catecholamines and tyramine within presynaptic nerve terminals. Catecholamines cause general physiological changes that prepare the body for physical activity (fight-or-flight response). Some typical effects are increases in heart rate, blood pressure, blood glucose levels, and a general reaction of the sympathetic nervous system.
DCC1847	Propoxycaine hydrochloride	CAS:550-83-4	C16H26N2O3. HCl	small molecule	approved	330.8502	Propoxycaine is a local anesthetic with longer action than procaine.	A local anesthetic of the ester type that has a rapid onset of action and a longer duration of action than procaine hydrochloride.	null
DCC1848	Pyrethrins	CAS:8003-34-7	null	biotech	approved	null	Pyrethrins have potent insecticidal activity. Pyrethrin is effective against many insects, including fleas, ticks, ants, roaches, bedbugs, silverfish, lice, mites and mosquitos.	Pyrethrins are neurotoxins that attack the nervous systems of all insects. When present in amounts not fatal to insects, they still appear to have an insect repellent effect.	"Pyrethrin is an insecticide which works by having a neurotoxic effect on insects. There is evidence that it also has some insect repellent properties. It is often combined with other substances, such as piperonyl butoxide (a synthetic sassafras oil) which makes the insects more susceptible to the Pyrethrin, or Diatomaceous Earth (silicon dioxide) a safe, mechanical insecticide which works by drying out the insects' outer skeletons (exoskeletons)."
DCC1849	Pyrilamine maleate	CAS:59-33-6	C17H23N3O. C4H4O4	small molecule	approved	401.4562	Mepyramine is a first generation antihistamine used in treating allergies, ymptomatic relief of hypersensitivity reaction, and in pruritic skin disorders.	Mepyramine (also known as pyrilamine) is a first generation antihistamine, targeting the H1 receptor. However, it rapidly permeates the brain and so often causes drowsiness as a side effect.	Mepyramine is a histamine H1 receptor inverse agonist. It binds to a G protein-coupled form of the receptor and promotes a G protein-coupled inactive state of the H1 receptor that interferes with the Gq/11-mediated signaling. Mepyramine competes with histamine for binding at H1-receptor sites on the effector cell surface, resulting in suppression of histaminic edema, flare, and pruritus. The sedative properties of Mepyramine occur at the subcortical level of the CNS.
DCC1850	Quinethazone	CAS:73-49-4	C10H12ClN3O3S	small molecule	approved	289.7386	Used to treat hypertension.	Quinethazone (INN, brand name Hydromox) is a thiazide diuretic used to treat hypertension.	As a diuretic, quinethazone inhibits active chloride reabsorption at the early distal tubule via the Na-Cl cotransporter, resulting in an increase in the excretion of sodium, chloride, and water. Thiazides like quinethazone also inhibit sodium ion transport across the renal tubular epithelium through binding to the thiazide sensitive sodium-chloride transporter. This results in an increase in potassium excretion via the sodium-potassium exchange mechanism. The antihypertensive mechanism of quinethazone is less well understood although it may be mediated through its action on carbonic anhydrases in the smooth muscle or through its action on the large-conductance calcium-activated potassium (KCa) channel, also found in the smooth muscle.
DCC1851	Quinupristin	CAS:120138-50-3	C53H67N9O10S	small molecule	approved	1022.2184	For the treatment of bacterial infections (usually in combination with dalfopristin).	Quinupristin is a antibiotic used to treat infections by staphylococci and by vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecium.	Quinupristin inhibits the late phase of protein synthesis in the bacterial ribosome. Dalfopristin binds to the 23S portion of the 50S ribosomal subunit, and changes the conformation it, enhancing the binding of quinupristin by a factor of about 100. In addition, it inhibits peptidyl transferase. Quinupristin binds to a nearby site on the 50S ribosomal subunit and prevents elongation of the polypeptide as well as causing incomplete chains to be released.
DCC1852	Reserpine	CAS:50-55-5	C33H40N2O9	small molecule	approved	608.6787	For the treatment of hypertension and edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis with ascites, corticosteroid and estrogen therapy, and some forms of renal function impairment including nephrotic syndrome, acute glomerulonephritis, and chronic renal failure.	An alkaloid found in the roots of Rauwolfia serpentina and R. vomitoria. Reserpine inhibits the uptake of norepinephrine into storage vesicles resulting in depletion of catecholamines and serotonin from central and peripheral axon terminals. It has been used as an antihypertensive and an antipsychotic as well as a research tool, but its adverse effects limit its clinical use.	"Reserpine's mechanism of action is through inhibition of the ATP/Mg2+ pump responsible for the sequestering of neurotransmitters into storage vesicles located in the presynaptic neuron. The neurotransmitters that are not sequestered in the storage vesicle are readily metabolized by monoamine oxidase (MAO) causing a reduction in catecholamines."
DCC1853	Sulfabenzamide	CAS:127-71-9	C13H12N2O3S	small molecule	approved	276.311	For the treatment bacterial infections causing bronchitis, prostatitis and urinary tract infections.	Sulfabenzamide is an antibacterial/antimicrobial. Often used in conjunction with sulfathiazole and sulfacetamide (trade name - Sultrin) as a topical, intravaginal antibacterial preparation.	
DCC1854	Sulfamerazine	CAS:127-79-7	C11H12N4O2S	small molecule	approved	264.3036	For the treatment bacterial infections causing bronchitis, prostatitis and urinary tract infections.	A sulfanilamide that is used as an antibacterial agent.	Sulfamerazine is a sulfonamide drug that inhibits bacterial synthesis of dihydrofolic acid by competing with para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) for binding to dihydropteroate synthetase (dihydrofolate synthetase). Sulfamerazine is bacteriostatic in nature. Inhibition of dihydrofolic acid synthesis decreases the synthesis of bacterial nucleotides and DNA.
DCC1855	Sulfamethazine	CAS:57-68-1	C12H14N4O2S	small molecule	approved	278.3302	For the treatment bacterial infections causing bronchitis, prostatitis and urinary tract infections.	A sulfanilamide anti-infective agent. It has a spectrum of antimicrobial action similar to other sulfonamides.	Sulfonamides inhibit the enzymatic conversion of pteridine and p-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) to dihydropteroic acid by competing with PABA for binding to dihydrofolate synthetase, an intermediate of tetrahydrofolic acid (THF) synthesis. THF is required for the synthesis of purines and dTMP and inhibition of its synthesis inhibits bacterial growth. Pyrimethamine and trimethoprim inhibit dihydrofolate reductase, another step in THF synthesis, and therefore act synergistically with the sulfonamides.
DCC1856	Trichlormethiazide	CAS:133-67-5	C8H8Cl3N3O4S2	small molecule	approved	380.6558	Used in the treatment of oedema (including that associated with heart failure) and hypertension.	A thiazide diuretic with properties similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide.	Trichlormethiazide appears to block the active reabsorption of chloride and possibly sodium in the ascending loop of Henle, altering electrolyte transfer in the proximal tubule. This results in excretion of sodium, chloride, and water and, hence, diuresis. As a diuretic, Trichloromethiazide inhibits active chloride reabsorption at the early distal tubule via the Na-Cl cotransporter, resulting in an increase in the excretion of sodium, chloride, and water. Thiazides like Trichloromethiazide also inhibit sodium ion transport across the renal tubular epithelium through binding to the thiazide sensitive sodium-chloride transporter. This results in an increase in potassium excretion via the sodium-potassium exchange mechanism. The antihypertensive mechanism of Trichloromethiazide is less well understood although it may be mediated through its action on carbonic anhydrases in the smooth muscle or through its action on the large-conductance calcium-activated potassium (KCa) channel, also found in the smooth muscle.
DCC1857	Trovafloxacin mesylate	CAS:147059-75-4	C20H15F3N4O3. CH4SO3	small molecule	approved	512.459	For treatment of infections caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms in uncomplicated urethral gonorrhea in males and endocervical and rectal gonorrhea in females caused by Neisseria gonorrhoeae as well as non gonoccocal urethritis and cervicitis due to Chlamydia trachomatis.	Trovafloxacin (sold as Trovan by Pfizer) is a broad spectrum antibiotic that inhibits the uncoiling of supercoiled DNA in various bacteria by blocking the activity of DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV.	Trovafloxacin is a fluoronaphthyridone related to the fluoroquinolones with in vitro activity against a wide range of gram-negative and gram-positive aerobic and anaerobic microorganisms. The bactericidal action of trovafloxacin results from inhibition of DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV. DNA gyrase is an essential enzyme that is involved in the replication, transcription, and repair of bacterial DNA. Topoisomerase IV is an enzyme known to play a key role in the partitioning of the chromosomal DNA during bacterial cell division.
DCC1858	Tyrosine	CAS:60-18-4	C9H11NO3	small molecule	approved	181.1885	Tyrosine is claimed to act as an effective antidepressant, however results are mixed. Tyrosine has also been claimed to reduce stress and combat narcolepsy and chronic fatigue, however these claims have been refuted by some studies.	A non-essential amino acid. In animals it is synthesized from phenylalanine. It is also the precursor of epinephrine; thyroid hormones; and melanin.	"Tyrosine is produced in cells by hydroxylating the essential amino acid phenylalanine. This relationship is much like that between cysteine and methionine. Half of the phenylalanine required goes into the production of tyrosine; if the diet is rich in tyrosine itself, the requirements for phenylalanine are reduced by about 50%. The mechanism of L-tyrosine's antidepressant activity can be accounted for by the precursor role of L-tyrosine in the synthesis of the neurotransmitters norepinephrine and dopamine. Elevated brain norepinephrine and dopamine levels are thought to be associated with antidepressant effects."
DCC1859	Umeclidinium bromide	CAS:869113-09-7	C29H34NO2. Br	small molecule	approved	508.4898	Umeclidinium bromide is an anticholinergic drug approved for use in combination with vilanterol for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.	Umeclidinium bromide is an anticholinergic drug approved for use in combination with vilanterol (as umeclidinium bromide/vilanterol) for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).	
DCC1860	Urea	CAS:57-13-6	CH4N2O	small molecule	approved	60.0553	Urea-containing creams are used as topical dermatological products to promote rehydration of the skin.	A compound formed in the liver from ammonia produced by the deamination of amino acids. It is the principal end product of protein catabolism and constitutes about one half of the total urinary solids.	
DCC1861	Sulfathiazole	CAS:72-14-0	C9H9N3O2S2	small molecule	approved	255.3167	Sulfathiazole is effective against a wide range of gram positive and gram negative pathogenic microorganisms. Although no longer used in humans, it is used in cattle.	Sulfathiazole is a short-acting sulfa drug. It used to be a common oral and topical antimicrobial until less toxic alternatives were discovered. It is still occasionally used, sometimes in combination with sulfabenzamide and sulfacetamide.	
DCC0094	Gemcitabine	CAS:95058-81-4	C9H11F2N3O4	small molecule	approved	263.1981	Gemcitabine is indicated for the treatment of advanced ovarian cancer that has relapsed at least 6 months after completion of platinum-based therapy; metastatic ovarian cancer; inoperable, locally advanced (Stage IIIA or IIIB), or metastatic (Stage IV) non-small cell lung cancer; and locally advanced (nonresectable Stage II or Stage III) or metastatic (Stage IV) adenocarcinoma of the pancreas.	Gemcitabine is an antineoplastic anti-metabolite. Anti-metabolites masquerade as purine or pyrimidine - which become the building blocks of DNA. They prevent these substances becoming incorporated in to DNA during the S phase (or DNA synthesis phase of the cell cycle), stopping normal development and division. Gemcitabine blocks an enzyme which converts the cytosine nucleotide into the deoxy derivative. In addition, DNA synthesis is further inhibited because Gemcitabine blocks the incorporation of the thymidine nucleotide into the DNA strand. It demonstrates dose-dependent synergistic activity with cisplatin in vitro. In vivo, gemcitabine showed activity in combination with cisplatin against the LX-1 and CALU-6 human lung xenografts, but minimal activity was seen with the NCI-H460 or NCI-H520 xenografts. Gemcitabine was synergistic with cisplatin in the Lewis lung murine xenograft. Sequential exposure to gemcitabine 4 hours before cisplatin produced the greatest interaction.	Gemcitabine inhibits thymidylate synthetase, leading to inhibition of DNA synthesis and cell death. Gemcitabine is a prodrug so activity occurs as a result of intracellular conversion to two active metabolites, gemcitabine diphosphate and gemcitabine triphosphate by deoxycitidine kinase. Gemcitabine diphosphate also inhibits ribonucleotide reductase, the enzyme responsible for catalyzing synthesis of deoxynucleoside triphosphates required for DNA synthesis. Finally, Gemcitabine triphosphate (diflurorodeoxycytidine triphosphate) competes with endogenous deoxynucleoside triphosphates for incorporation into DNA.
DCC0095	Betamethasone	CAS:378-44-9	C22H29FO5	small molecule	approved	392.4611	<b>Topical use (cream, lotion and ointment):</b> for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses<br/><b>Topical use (foam):</b> relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses of the scalp<br/><b>Systemic use:</b> for the treatment of edocrine disorders, rheumatic disorders, collagen diseases, dermatological diseases, allergic states, ophthalmic diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, gastrointestinal diseases, tuberculous meningitis and trichinosis.	Betamethasone and its derivatives, betamethasone sodium phosphate and betamethasone acetate, are synthetic glucocorticoids. Used for its antiinflammatory or immunosuppressive properties, betamethasone is combined with a mineralocorticoid to manage adrenal insufficiency and is used in the form of betamethasone benzoate, betamethasone dipropionate, or betamethasone valerate for the treatment of inflammation due to corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. Betamethasone and clotrimazole are used together to treat cutaneous tinea infections.	Betamethasone is a glucocorticoid receptor agonist. This leads to changes in genetic expression once this complex binds to the GRE. The antiinflammatory actions of corticosteroids are thought to involve lipocortins, phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins which, through inhibition arachidonic acid, control the biosynthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes. The immune system is suppressed by corticosteroids due to a decrease in the function of the lymphatic system, a reduction in immunoglobulin and complement concentrations, the precipitation of lymphocytopenia, and interference with antigen-antibody binding. Betamethasone binds to plasma transcortin, and it becomes active when it is not bound to transcortin.
DCC0096	Epirubicin	CAS:56420-45-2	C27H29NO11	small molecule	approved	543.5193	For use as a component of adjuvant therapy in patients with evidence of axillary node tumor involvement following resection of primary breast cancer.	Epirubicin is an antineoplastic in the anthracycline class. General properties of drugs in this class include: interaction with DNA in a variety of different ways including intercalation (squeezing between the base pairs), DNA strand breakage and inhibition with the enzyme topoisomerase II. Most of these compounds have been isolated from natural sources and antibiotics. However, they lack the specificity of the antimicrobial antibiotics and thus produce significant toxicity. The anthracyclines are among the most important antitumor drugs available. Doxorubicin is widely used for the treatment of several solid tumors while daunorubicin and idarubicin are used exclusively for the treatment of leukemia. Epirubicin may also inhibit polymerase activity, affect regulation of gene expression, and produce free radical damage to DNA. Epirubicin possesses an antitumor effect against a wide spectrum of tumors, either grafted or spontaneous. The anthracyclines are cell cycle-nonspecific.	Epirubicin has antimitotic and cytotoxic activity. It inhibits nucleic acid (DNA and RNA) and protein synthesis through a number of proposed mechanisms of action: Epirubicin forms complexes with DNA by intercalation between base pairs, and it inhibits topoisomerase II activity by stabilizing the DNA-topoisomerase II complex, preventing the religation portion of the ligation-religation reaction that topoisomerase II catalyzes. It also interferes with DNA replication and transcription by inhibiting DNA helicase activity.
DCC0097	Lansoprazole	CAS:103577-45-3	C16H14F3N3O2S	small molecule	approved	369.361	For the treatment of acid-reflux disorders (GERD), peptic ulcer disease, H. pylori eradication, and prevention of gastroinetestinal bleeds with NSAID use.	"Lansoprazole, an acid proton-pump inhibitor similar to omeprazole, is used as an untiulcer drug in the treatment and maintenance of healing of duodenal or gastric ulcers, erosive and reflux esophagitis, NSAID-induced ulcer, Zollinger-Ellison syndrome, and Barrett's esophagus. Lansoprozole is active against <i>Helicobacter pylori</i>. The plasma elimination half-life of lansoprazole does not reflect its duration of suppression of gastric acid secretion. Thus, the plasma elimination half-life is less than two hours, while the acid inhibitory effect lasts more than 24 hours."	Lansoprazole belongs to a class of antisecretory compounds, the substituted benzimidazoles, that do not exhibit anticholinergic or histamine H<sub>2</sub>-receptor antagonist properties, but rather suppress gastric acid secretion by specific inhibition of the (H<sup>+</sup>,K<sup>+</sup>)-ATPase enzyme system at the secretory surface of the gastric parietal cell. Because this enzyme system is regarded as the acid (proton) pump within the parietal cell, Lansoprazole has been characterized as a gastric acid-pump inhibitor, in that it blocks the final step of acid production. This effect is dose-related and leads to inhibition of both basal and stimulated gastric acid secretion irrespective of the stimulus.
DCC0098	Loratadine	CAS:79794-75-5	C22H23ClN2O2	small molecule	approved	382.883	A self-medication that is used alone or in combination with pseudoephedrine sulfate for the symptomatic relief of seasonal allergic rhinitis. Also used for the symptomatic relief of pruritus, erythema, and urticaria associated with chronic idiopathic urticaria in patients (not for children under 6 unless directed by a clincian).	"Loratadine is a long acting second generation antihistamine that is similar in structure to cyproheptadine and azatadine. The pharmacology of loratadine is similar to other antihistamines, but unlike other H<sub>1</sub>-blockers, loratidine is shown to exhibit competitive, specific, and selective antagonism of H<sub>1</sub> receptors. The exact mechanism of this interaction is unknown, but disposition of the drug suggests that loratadine's prolonged antagonism of histamine may be due to the drug's slow dissociation from the receptor or the formation of the active metabolite, desloratadine. Loratadine does not penetrate the CNS effectively and has a low affinity for CNS H<sub>1</sub>-receptors."	Loratadine competes with free histamine and exhibits specific, selective peripheral H<sub>1</sub> antagonistic activity. This blocks the action of endogenous histamine, which subsequently leads to temporary relief of the negative symptoms (eg. nasal congestion, watery eyes) brought on by histamine. Loratadine has low affinity for cholinergic receptors and does not exhibit any appreciable alpha-adrenergic blocking activity in-vitro. Loratadine also appears to suppress the release of histamine and leukotrienes from animal mast cells, and the release of leukotrienes from human lung fragments, although the clinical importance of this is unknown.
DCC0099	Montelukast	CAS:158966-92-8	C35H36ClNO3S	small molecule	approved	586.183	It is indicated for the prophylaxis and chronic treatment of asthma in adults and pediatric patients 12 months of age and older, and prevention of exercise-induced bronchoconstriction (EIB) in patients 6 years of age and older.	Montelukast, like zafirlukast, is a leukotriene receptor antagonist used as an alternative to anti-inflammatory medications in the management and chronic treatment of asthma and exercise-induced bronchospasm (EIB). Unlike zafirlukast, montelukast does not inhibit CYP2C9 or CYP3A4 and is, therefore, not expected to affect the hepatic clearance of drugs metabolized by these enzymes.	Montelukast selectively antagonizes leukotriene D<sub>4</sub> (LTD<sub>4</sub>) at the cysteinyl leukotriene receptor, CysLT<sub>1</sub>, in the human airway. Montelukast inhibits the actions of LTD<sub>4</sub> at the CysLT<sub>1</sub> receptor, preventing airway edema, smooth muscle contraction, and enhanced secretion of thick, viscous mucus.
DCC0100	Fluoxetine	CAS:54910-89-3	C17H18F3NO	small molecule	approved	309.3261	"Labeled indication include: major depressive disorder (MDD), moderate to severe bulimia nervosa, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, and combination treatment with olanzapine for treatment-resistant or bipolar I depression. Unlabeled indications include: selective mutism, mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), social anxiety disorder, chronic neuropathic pain, fibromyalgia, and Raynaud's phenomenon."	"Fluoxetine, an antidepressant agent belonging to the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), is used to treat depression, bulimia nervosa, premenstrual dysphoric disorder, panic disorder and post-traumatic stress. According to the amines hypothesis, a functional decrease in the activity of amines, such as serotonin and norepinephrine, would result in depression; a functional increase of the activity of these amines would result in mood elevation. Fluoxetine's effects are thought to be associated with the inhibition of 5HT receptor, which leads to an increase of serotonin level. Antagonism of muscarinic, histaminergic, and ¿¿1_¿_adrenergic receptors has been hypothesized to be associated with various anticholinergic, sedative, and cardiovascular effects of classical tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) drugs. Fluoxetine binds to these and other membrane receptors from brain tissue much less potently in vitro than do the tricyclic drugs."	Metabolized to norfluoxetine, fluoxetine is a selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitor (SSRI), it blocks the reuptake of serotonin at the serotonin reuptake pump of the neuronal membrane, enhancing the actions of serotonin on 5HT<sub>1A</sub> autoreceptors. SSRIs bind with significantly less affinity to histamine, acetylcholine, and norepinephrine receptors than tricyclic antidepressant drugs.
DCC0101	Chlordiazepoxide	CAS:58-25-3	C16H14ClN3O	small molecule	approved	299.755	For the management of anxiety disorders or for the short-term relief of symptoms of anxiety, withdrawal symptoms of acute alcoholism, and preoperative apprehension and anxiety.	Chlordiazepoxide has antianxiety, sedative, appetite-stimulating and weak analgesic actions. The drug seems to block EEG arousal from stimulation in the brain stem reticular formation. The drug has been studied extensively in many species of animals and these studies are suggestive of action on the limbic system of the brain, which recent evidence indicates is involved in emotional responses. Hostile monkeys were made tame by oral drug doses which did not cause sedation. Chlordiazepoxide revealed a taming action with the elimination of fear and aggression. The taming effect of chlordiazepoxide was further demonstrated in rats made vicious by lesions in the septal area of the brain. The drug dosage which effectively blocked the vicious reaction was well below the dose which caused sedation in these animals.	Chlordiazepoxide binds to stereospecific benzodiazepine (BZD) binding sites on GABA (A) receptor complexes at several sites within the central nervous system, including the limbic system and reticular formation. This results in an increased binding of the inhibitory neurotransmitter GABA to the GABA(A) receptor.BZDs, therefore, enhance GABA-mediated chloride influx through GABA receptor channels, causing membrane hyperpolarization. The net neuro-inhibitory effects result in the observed sedative, hypnotic, anxiolytic, and muscle relaxant properties.
DCC0102	Amikacin	CAS:37517-28-5	C22H43N5O13	small molecule	approved	585.6025	For short-term treatment of serious infections due to susceptible strains of Gram-negative bacteria, including Pseudomonas species, Escherichia coli, species of indole-positive and indole-negative Proteus, Providencia species, Klebsiella-Enterobacter-Serratia species, and Acinetobacter (Mima-Herellea) species. Amikacin may also be used to treat Mycobacterium avium and Mycobacterium tuberculosis infections.	Amikacin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic. Aminoglycosides work by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of t-RNA, leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth. Aminoglycosides are useful primarily in infections involving aerobic, Gram-negative bacteria, such as Pseudomonas, Acinetobacter, and Enterobacter. In addition, some mycobacteria, including the bacteria that cause tuberculosis, are susceptible to aminoglycosides. Infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria can also be treated with aminoglycosides, but other types of antibiotics are more potent and less damaging to the host. In the past the aminoglycosides have been used in conjunction with penicillin-related antibiotics in streptococcal infections for their synergistic effects, particularly in endocarditis. Aminoglycosides are mostly ineffective against anaerobic bacteria, fungi and viruses.	Aminoglycosides like Amikacin irreversibly bind to specific 30S-subunit proteins and 16S rRNA. Amikacin inhibits protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit to prevent the formation of an initiation complex with messenger RNA. Specifically Amikacin binds to four nucleotides of 16S rRNA and a single amino acid of protein S12. This interferes with decoding site in the vicinity of nucleotide 1400 in 16S rRNA of 30S subunit. This region interacts with the wobble base in the anticodon of tRNA. This leads to interference with the initiation complex, misreading of mRNA so incorrect amino acids are inserted into the polypeptide leading to nonfunctional or toxic peptides and the breakup of polysomes into nonfunctional monosomes.
DCC0103	Lenalidomide	CAS:191732-72-6	C13H13N3O3	small molecule	approved	259.2606	Lenalidomide is indicated for the treatment of multiple myeloma in combination with dexamethasone. It is also indicated for the treatment of patients with transfusion-dependent anemia due to low- or intermediate- risk myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) associated with a deletion 5q cytogenetic abnormality with or without additional cytogenetic abnormalities.	Lenalidomide, a thalidomide analogue, is an immunomodulatory agent possessing immunomodulatory and antiangiogenic properties. Lenalidomide inhibits the secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokines and increases the secretion of anti-inflammatory cytokines from peripheral blood mononuclear cells. Lenalidomide inhibits cell proliferation with varying effectiveness (IC50s) in some but not all cell lines. Lenalidomide is effective in inhibiting growth of Namalwa cells (a human B cell lymphoma cell line with a deletion of one chromosome 5) but is much less effective in inhibiting growth of KG-1 cells (human myeloblastic cell line, also with a deletion of one chromosome 5) and other cell lines without chromosome 5 deletions. Lenalidomide does not prolong the QTc interval.	The mechanism of action of lenalidomide remains to be fully characterized, however it has been demonstrated that lenalidomide inhibits the expression of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), but not COX-1, in vitro. In vivo it induces tumor cell apoptosis directly and indirectly by inhibition of bone marrow stromal cell support, by anti-angiogenic and anti-osteoclastogenic effects, and by immunomodulatory activity
DCC0104	Raloxifene	CAS:84449-90-1	C28H27NO4S	small molecule	approved	473.583	For the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis in post-menopausal women, as well as prevention and treatment of corticosteroid-induced bone loss. Also for the reduction in the incidence of invasive breast cancer in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis or have a high risk for developing breast cancer.	Raloxifene, a selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) of the benzothiophene class, is similar to tamoxifen in that it produces estrogen-like effects on bone and lipid metabolism, while antagonizing the effects of estrogen on breast and uterine tissue. Raloxifene differs chemically and pharmacologically from naturally occuring estrogens, synthetic steroidal and nonsteroidal compounds with estrogenic activity, and antiestrogens. Estrogens play an important role in the reproductive, skeletal, cardiovascular, and central nervous systems in women, and act principally by regulating gene expression. When estrogen binds to a ligand-binding domain of the estrogen receptor, biologic response is initiated as a result of a conformational change of the estrogen receptor, which leads to gene transcription through specific estrogen response elements of target gene promoters. The subsequent activation or repression of the target gene is mediated through 2 distinct transactivation domains of the receptor: AF-1 and AF-2. The estrogen receptor also mediates gene transcription using different response elements and other signalling pathways. The role of estrogen as a regulator of bone mass is well established. In postmenopausal women, the progressive loss of bone mass is related to decreased ovarian function and a reduction in the level of circulation estrogens. Estrogen also has favourable effects on blood cholesterol.	"Raloxifene binds to estrogen receptors, resulting in differential expression of multiple estrogen-regulated genes in different tissues. Raloxifene produces estrogen-like effects on bone, reducing resorption of bone and increasing bone mineral density in postmenopausal women, thus slowing the rate of bone loss. The maintenance of bone mass by raloxifene and estrogens is, in part, through the regulation of the gene-encoding transforming growth factor-beta3, which is a bone matrix protein with antiosteoclastic properties. Raloxifene activates TGF-¿_3 through pathways that are estrogen receptor-mediated but involve DNA sequences distinct from the estrogen response element. The drug also binds to the estrogen receptor and acts as an estrogen agonist in preosteoclastic cells, which results in the inhibtion of their proliferative capacity. This inhibition is thought to contribute to the drug's effect on bone resorption. Other mechanisms include the suppression of activity of the bone-resorbing cytokine interleukin-6 promoter activity. Raloxifene also antagonizes the effects of estrogen on mammary tissue and blocks uterotrophic responses to estrogen. By competing with estrogens for the estrogen receptors in reproductive tissue, raloxifene prevents the transcriptional activation of genes containing the estrogen response element. As well, raloxifene inhibits the estradiol-dependent proliferation of MCF-7 human mammary tumor cells in vitro. The mechansim of action of raloxifene has not been fully determined, but evidence suggests that the drug's tissue-specific estrogen agonist or antagonist activity is related to the structural differences between the raloxifene-estrogen receptor complex (specifically the surface topography of AF-2) and the estrogen-estrogen receptor complex. Also, the existence of at least 2 estrogen receptors (ER¿¿, ER¿_) may contribute to the tissue specificity of raloxifene."
DCC0116	Dextromethorphan	CAS:125-71-3	C18H25NO	small molecule	approved	271.3972	It is one of the active ingredients in many over-the-counter cold and cough medicines. Dextromethorphan has also found other uses in medicine, ranging from pain relief to psychological applications.	Dextromethorphan suppresses the cough reflex by a direct action on the cough center in the medulla of the brain. Dextromethorphan shows high affinity binding to several regions of the brain, including the medullary cough center. This compound is an NMDA receptor antagonist and acts as a non-competitive channel blocker. It is one of the widely used antitussives, and is also used to study the involvement of glutamate receptors in neurotoxicity.	Dextromethorphan is an opioid-like drug that binds to and acts as antagonist to the NMDA glutamatergic receptor, it is an agonist to the opioid sigma 1 and sigma 2 receptors, it is also an alpha3/beta4 nicotinic receptor antagonist and targets the serotonin reuptake pump. Dextromethorphan is rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract, where it enters the bloodstream and crosses the blood-brain barrier. The first-pass through the hepatic portal vein results in some of the drug being metabolized into an active metabolite of dextromethorphan, dextrorphan, the 3-hydroxy derivative of dextromethorphan.
DCC0117	Cisplatin	CAS:15663-27-1	Cl2H4N2Pt	small molecule	approved	298.035	For the treatment of metastatic testicular tumors, metastatic ovarian tumors and advanced bladder cancer.	Cisplatin is an antineoplastic in the class of alkylating agents and is used to treat various forms of cancer. Alkylating agents are so named because of their ability to add alkyl groups to many electronegative groups under conditions present in cells. They stop tumor growth by cross-linking guanine bases in DNA double-helix strands - directly attacking DNA. This makes the strands unable to uncoil and separate. As this is necessary in DNA replication, the cells can no longer divide. In addition, these drugs add methyl or other alkyl groups onto molecules where they do not belong which in turn inhibits their correct utilization by base pairing and causes a miscoding of DNA. Alkylating agents are cell cycle-nonspecific. Alkylating agents work by three different mechanisms all of which achieve the same end result - disruption of DNA function and cell death.	Alkylating agents work by three different mechanisms: 1) attachment of alkyl groups to DNA bases, resulting in the DNA being fragmented by repair enzymes in their attempts to replace the alkylated bases, preventing DNA synthesis and RNA transcription from the affected DNA, 2) DNA damage via the formation of cross-links (bonds between atoms in the DNA) which prevents DNA from being separated for synthesis or transcription, and 3) the induction of mispairing of the nucleotides leading to mutations.
DCC0118	Albendazole	CAS:54965-21-8	C12H15N3O2S	small molecule	approved	265.331	For the treatment of parenchymal neurocysticercosis due to active lesions caused by larval forms of the pork tapeworm, <i>Taenia solium</i> and for the treatment of cystic hydatid disease of the liver, lung, and peritoneum, caused by the larval form of the dog tapeworm, <i>Echinococcus granulosus</i>.	Albendazole is a broad-spectrum anthelmintic. The principal mode of action for albendazole is by its inhibitory effect on tubulin polymerization which results in the loss of cytoplasmic microtubules.	Albendazole causes degenerative alterations in the tegument and intestinal cells of the worm by binding to the colchicine-sensitive site of tubulin, thus inhibiting its polymerization or assembly into microtubules. The loss of the cytoplasmic microtubules leads to impaired uptake of glucose by the larval and adult stages of the susceptible parasites, and depletes their glycogen stores. Degenerative changes in the endoplasmic reticulum, the mitochondria of the germinal layer, and the subsequent release of lysosomes result in decreased production of adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which is the energy required for the survival of the helminth. Due to diminished energy production, the parasite is immobilized and eventually dies.
DCC0119	Trandolapril	CAS:87679-37-6	C24H34N2O5	small molecule	approved	430.5372	For the treatment of mild to moderate hypertension, as an adjunct in the treatment of congestive heart failure (CHF), to improve survival following myocardial infarction (MI) in individuals who are hemodynamically stable and demonstrate symptoms of left ventricular systolic dysfunction or signs of CHF within a few days following acute MI, and to slow progression of renal disease in hypertensive patients with diabetes mellitus and microalbuminuria or overt nephropathy.	Trandolapril is the ethyl ester prodrug of a nonsulfhydryl ACE inhibitor, trandolaprilat. Trandolapril is deesterified in the liver to the diacid metabolite, trandolaprilat, which is approximately eight times more active as an inhibitor of ACE than its parent compound. ACE is a peptidyl dipeptidase that is part of the RAAS. The RAAS is a homeostatic mechanism for regulating hemodynamics, water and electrolyte balance. During sympathetic stimulation or when renal blood pressure or blood flow is reduced, renin is released from the granular cells of the juxtaglomerular apparatus in the kidneys. In the blood stream, renin cleaves circulating angiotensinogen to ATI, which is subsequently cleaved to ATII by ACE. ATII increases blood pressure via a number of mechanisms. First, it stimulates the secretion of aldosterone from the adrenal cortex. Aldosterone travels to the distal convoluted tubule (DCT) and collecting tubule of nephrons where it increases sodium and water reabsorption by increasing the number of sodium channels and sodium-potassium ATPases on cell membranes. Second, ATII stimulates the secretion of vasopressin (also known as antidiuretic hormone or ADH) from the posterior pituitary gland. ADH stimulates further water reabsorption from the kidneys via insertion of aquaporin-2 channels on the apical surface of cells of the DCT and collecting tubules. Third, ATII increases blood pressure through direct arterial vasoconstriction. Stimulation of the Type 1 ATII receptor on vascular smooth muscle cells leads to a cascade of events resulting in myocyte contraction and vasoconstriction. In addition to these major effects, ATII induces the thirst response via stimulation of hypothalamic neurons. ACE inhibitors inhibit the rapid conversion of ATI to ATII and antagonize RAAS-induced increases in blood pressure. ACE (also known as kininase II) is also involved in the enzymatic deactivation of bradykinin, a vasodilator. Inhibiting the deactivation of bradykinin increases bradykinin levels and may further sustain the effects of trandolaprilat by causing increased vasodilation and decreased blood pressure. The blood pressure lowering effect of trandolaprilat is due to a decrease in peripheral vascular resistance, which is not accompanied by significant changes in urinary excretion of chloride or potassium or water or sodium retention.	There are two isoforms of ACE: the somatic isoform, which exists as a glycoprotein comprised of a single polypeptide chain of 1277; and the testicular isoform, which has a lower molecular mass and is thought to play a role in sperm maturation and binding of sperm to the oviduct epithelium. Somatic ACE has two functionally active domains, N and C, which arise from tandem gene duplication. Although the two domains have high sequence similarity, they play distinct physiological roles. The C-domain is predominantly involved in blood pressure regulation while the N-domain plays a role in hematopoietic stem cell differentiation and proliferation. ACE inhibitors bind to and inhibit the activity of both domains, but have much greater affinity for and inhibitory activity against the C-domain. Trandolaprilat, the active metabolite of trandolapril, competes with ATI for binding to ACE and inhibits and enzymatic proteolysis of ATI to ATII. Decreasing ATII levels in the body decreases blood pressure by inhibiting the pressor effects of ATII as described in the Pharmacology section above. Trandolaprilat also causes an increase in plasma renin activity likely due to a loss of feedback inhibition mediated by ATII on the release of renin and/or stimulation of reflex mechanisms via baroreceptors.
DCC0120	Oxaliplatin	CAS:61825-94-3	C8H12N2O4Pt	small molecule	approved	395.276	Used in combination with infusional 5-FU/LV, is indicated for the treatment of advanced carcinoma of the colon or rectum and for adjuvant treatment of stage III colon cancer patients who have undergone complete resection of the primary tumor.	Oxaliplatin selectively inhibits the synthesis of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA). The guanine and cytosine content correlates with the degree of Oxaliplatin-induced cross-linking. At high concentrations of the drug, cellular RNA and protein synthesis are also suppressed.	Oxaliplatin undergoes nonenzymatic conversion to active derivatives via displacement of the labile oxalate ligand. Several transient reactive species are formed, including monoaquo and diaquo DACH platinum, which covalently bind with macromolecules. After activation, oxaliplatin binds preferentially to the guanine and cytosine moieties of DNA, leading to cross-linking of DNA, thus inhibiting DNA synthesis and transcription. Cytotoxicity is cell-cycle nonspecific.
DCC0121	Lercanidipine	CAS:100427-26-7	C36H41N3O6	small molecule	approved	611.7272	"For the treatment of Hypertension, management of angina pectoris and Raynaud's syndrome."	"Lercanidipine, a dihydropyridine calcium-channel blocker, is used alone or with an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor, to treat hypertension, chronic stable angina pectoris, and Prinzmetal's variant angina. Lercanidipine is similar to other peripheral vasodilators. Lercanidipine inhibits the influx of extra cellular calcium across the myocardial and vascular smooth muscle cell membranes possibly by deforming the channel, inhibiting ion-control gating mechanisms, and/or interfering with the release of calcium from the sarcoplasmic reticulum. The decrease in intracellular calcium inhibits the contractile processes of the myocardial smooth muscle cells, causing dilation of the coronary and systemic arteries, increased oxygen delivery to the myocardial tissue, decreased total peripheral resistance, decreased systemic blood pressure, and decreased afterload."	By deforming the channel, inhibiting ion-control gating mechanisms, and/or interfering with the release of calcium from the sarcoplasmic reticulum, Lercanidipine inhibits the influx of extracellular calcium across the myocardial and vascular smooth muscle cell membranes The decrease in intracellular calcium inhibits the contractile processes of the myocardial smooth muscle cells, causing dilation of the coronary and systemic arteries, increased oxygen delivery to the myocardial tissue, decreased total peripheral resistance, decreased systemic blood pressure, and decreased afterload.
DCC0122	Erlotinib	CAS:183321-74-6	C22H23N3O4	small molecule	approved	393.4357	For the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer after failure of at least one prior chemotherapy regimen. Also for use, in combination with gemcitabine, as the first-line treatment of patients with locally advanced, unresectable or metastatic pancreatic cancer.	Erlotinib is in a class of medications called kinase inhibitors. It works by blocking the action of an abnormal protein that signals cancer cells to multiply. This helps slow or stop the spread of cancer cells.	The mechanism of clinical antitumor action of erlotinib is not fully characterized. Erlotinib inhibits the intracellular phosphorylation of tyrosine kinase associated with the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). Specificity of inhibition with regard to other tyrosine kinase receptors has not been fully characterized. EGFR is expressed on the cell surface of normal cells and cancer cells.
DCC0123	Cyclophosphamide	CAS:50-18-0	C7H15Cl2N2O2P	small molecule	approved	261.086	Cyclophosphamide is indicated for the treatment of malignant lymphomas, multiple myeloma, leukemias, mycosis fungoides (advanced disease), neuroblastoma (disseminated disease), adenocarcinoma of the ovary, retinoblastoma, and carcinoma of the breast. It is also indicated for the treatment of biopsy-proven minimal change nephrotic syndrome in pediatric patients.	Cyclophosphamide is an antineoplastic in the class of alkylating agents and is used to treat various forms of cancer. Alkylating agents are so named because of their ability to add alkyl groups to many electronegative groups under conditions present in cells. They stop tumor growth by cross-linking guanine bases in DNA double-helix strands - directly attacking DNA. This makes the strands unable to uncoil and separate. As this is necessary in DNA replication, the cells can no longer divide. In addition, these drugs add methyl or other alkyl groups onto molecules where they do not belong which in turn inhibits their correct utilization by base pairing and causes a miscoding of DNA. Alkylating agents are cell cycle-nonspecific. Alkylating agents work by three different mechanisms all of which achieve the same end result - disruption of DNA function and cell death.	Alkylating agents work by three different mechanisms: 1) attachment of alkyl groups to DNA bases, resulting in the DNA being fragmented by repair enzymes in their attempts to replace the alkylated bases, preventing DNA synthesis and RNA transcription from the affected DNA, 2) DNA damage via the formation of cross-links (bonds between atoms in the DNA) which prevents DNA from being separated for synthesis or transcription, and 3) the induction of mispairing of the nucleotides leading to mutations.
DCC0124	Ciprofloxacin	CAS:85721-33-1	C17H18FN3O3	small molecule	approved	331.3415	For the treatment of the following infections caused by susceptible organisms: urinary tract infections, acute uncomplicated cystitis, chronic bacterial prostatitis, lower respiratory tract infections, acute sinusitis, skin and skin structure infections, bone and joint infections, complicated intra-abdominal infections (used in combination with metronidazole), infectious diarrhea, typhoid fever (enteric fever), uncomplicated cervical and urethral gonorrhea, and inhalational anthrax (post-exposure).	Ciprofloxacin is a broad-spectrum antiinfective agent of the fluoroquinolone class. Ciprofloxacin has <i>in vitro</i> activity against a wide range of gram-negative and gram-positive microorganisms. The mechanism of action of quinolones, including ciprofloxacin, is different from that of other antimicrobial agents such as beta-lactams, macrolides, tetracyclines, or aminoglycosides; therefore, organisms resistant to these drugs may be susceptible to ciprofloxacin. There is no known cross-resistance between ciprofloxacin and other classes of antimicrobials. Notably the drug has 100 times higher affinity for bacterial DNA gyrase than for mammalian.	The bactericidal action of ciprofloxacin results from inhibition of the enzymes topoisomerase II (DNA gyrase) and topoisomerase IV, which are required for bacterial DNA replication, transcription, repair, strand supercoiling repair, and recombination.
DCC0105	Celecoxib	CAS:169590-42-5	C17H14F3N3O2S	small molecule	approved	381.372	For relief and management of osteoarthritis (OA), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (JRA), ankylosing spondylitis, acute pain, primary dysmenorrhea and oral adjunct to usual care for patients with familial adenomatous polyposis	Celecoxib, a selective cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitor, is classified as a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). Celecoxib is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, and familial adenomatous polyposis (FAP). Because of its lack of platelet effects, celecoxib is not a substitute for aspirin for cardiovascular prophylaxis. It is not known if there are any effects of celecoxib on platelets that may contribute to the increased risk of serious cardiovascular thrombotic adverse events associated with the use of celecoxib. Inhibition of PGE2 synthesis may lead to sodium and water retention through increased fluid reabsorption in the renal medullary thick ascending loop of Henle and perhaps other segments of the distal nephron. In the collecting ducts, PGE2 appears to inhibit water reabsorption by counteracting the action of antidiuretic hormone.	The mechanism of action of celecoxib is believed to be due to inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis. Unlike most NSAIDs, which inhibit both types of cyclooxygenases (COX-1 and COX-2), celecoxib is a selective noncompetitive inhibitor of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) enzyme. It binds with its polar sulfonamide side chain to a hydrophilic side pocket region close to the active COX-2 binding site. Both COX-1 and COX-2 catalyze the conversion of arachidonic acid to prostaglandin (PG) H2, the precursor of PGs and thromboxane.
DCC0106	Brimonidine	CAS:59803-98-4	C11H10BrN5	small molecule	approved	292.135	For the lowering of intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.	Brimonidine significantly lowers intraocular pressure with minimal effects on cardiovascular and pulmonary parameters. It lowers intraocular pressure by reducing aqueous humor production and increasing uveoscleral outflow.	Brimonidine is an alpha adrenergic receptor agonist (primarily alpha-2). It has a peak ocular hypotensive effect occurring at two hours post-dosing. Fluorophotometric studies in animals and humans suggest that Brimonidine has a dual mechanism of action by reducing aqueous humor production and increasing uveoscleral outflow.
DCC0107	Pefloxacin	CAS:70458-92-3	C17H20FN3O3	small molecule	approved	333.3574	For the treatment of uncomplicated gonococcal urethritis in males and for gram-negative-bacterial infections in the gastrointestinal system and the genitourinary tract.	Pefloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. Flouroquinolones such as pefloxacin possess excellent activity against gram-negative aerobic bacteria such as <i>E.coli</i> and <i>Neisseria gonorrhoea</i> as well as gram-positive bacteria including <i>S. pneumoniae</i> and <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i>. They also posses effective activity against shigella, salmonella, campylobacter, gonococcal organisms, and multi drug resistant pseudomonas and enterobacter.	The bactericidal action of pefloxacin results from interference with the activity of the bacterial enzymes DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV, which are needed for the transcription and replication of bacterial DNA. DNA gyrase appears to be the primary quinolone target for gram-negative bacteria. Topoisomerase IV appears to be the preferential target in gram-positive organisms. Interference with these two topoisomerases results in strand breakage of the bacterial chromosome, supercoiling, and resealing. As a result DNA replication and transcription is inhibited.
DCC0108	Altretamine	CAS:645-05-6	C9H18N6	small molecule	approved	210.2794	For use as a single agent in the palliative treatment of patients with persistent or recurrent ovarian cancer following first-line therapy with a cisplatin and/or alkylating agent-based combination.	Altretamine is a novel antineoplastic agent. The precise mechanism by which altretamine exerts its cytotoxic effect is unknown, although a number of theoretical possibilities have been studied. Structurally, altretamine resembles the alkylating agent triethylenemelamine, yet <i>in vitro</i> tests for alkylating activity of altretamine and its metabolitics have been negative. Altretamine has been demonstrated to be efficacious for certain ovarian tumors resistant to classical alkylating agents. Metabolism of altretamine is a requirement of cytotoxicity. Synthetic monohydroxymethylmelamines, and products of altretamine metabolism, <i>in vitro</i> and <i>in vivo</i>, can form covalent adducts with tissue macromolecules including DNA, but the relevance of these reactions to antitumor activity is unknown.	The precise mechanism by which altretamine exerts its cytotoxic effect is unknown although it is classified as an alkylating anti-neoplastic agent. Through this mechanism, the drug is metabolized into alkylating agents by N-demethylation. These alkylating species consequently damage tumor cells.
DCC0109	Fosinopril	CAS:98048-97-6	C30H46NO7P	small molecule	approved	563.6625	For treating mild to moderate hypertension, use as an adjunct in treating congestive heart failure, and may be used to slow the rate of progression of renal disease in hypertensive individuals with diabetes mellitus and microalbuminuria or overt nephropathy.	Following oral administration, fosinopril is rapidly and completely hydrolyzed to its principle active metabolite, fosinoprilat. Hydrolysis is thought to occur in the gastrointestinal mucosa and liver. Fosinoprilat is a competitive inhibitor of ACE, a peptidyl dipeptidase that is part of the RAAS. The RAAS is a homeostatic mechanism for regulating hemodynamics, water and electrolyte balance. During sympathetic stimulation or when renal blood pressure or blood flow is reduced, renin is released from the granular cells of the juxtaglomerular apparatus in the kidneys. In the blood stream, renin cleaves circulating angiotensinogen to ATI, which is subsequently cleaved to ATII by ACE. ATII increases blood pressure using a number of mechanisms. First, it stimulates the secretion of aldosterone from the adrenal cortex. Aldosterone travels to the distal convoluted tubule (DCT) and collecting tubule of nephrons where it increases sodium and water reabsorption by increasing the number of sodium channels and sodium-potassium ATPases on cell membranes. Second, ATII stimulates the secretion of vasopressin (also known as antidiuretic hormone or ADH) from the posterior pituitary gland. ADH stimulates further water reabsorption from the kidneys via insertion of aquaporin-2 channels on the apical surface of cells of the DCT and collecting tubules. Third, ATII increases blood pressure through direct arterial vasoconstriction. Stimulation of the Type 1 ATII receptor on vascular smooth muscle cells leads to a cascade of events resulting in myocyte contraction and vasoconstriction. In addition to these major effects, ATII induces the thirst response via stimulation of hypothalamic neurons. ACE inhibitors inhibit the rapid conversion of ATI to ATII and antagonize RAAS-induced increases in blood pressure. ACE (also known as kininase II) is also involved in the enzymatic deactivation of bradykinin, a vasodilator. Inhibiting the deactivation of bradykinin increases bradykinin levels and may further sustain the effects of fosinoprilat by causing increased vasodilation and decreased blood pressure.	There are two isoforms of ACE: the somatic isoform, which exists as a glycoprotein comprised of a single polypeptide chain of 1277; and the testicular isoform, which has a lower molecular mass and is thought to play a role in sperm maturation and binding of sperm to the oviduct epithelium. Somatic ACE has two functionally active domains, N and C, which arise from tandem gene duplication. Although the two domains have high sequence similarity, they play distinct physiological roles. The C-domain is predominantly involved in blood pressure regulation while the N-domain plays a role in hematopoietic stem cell differentiation and proliferation. ACE inhibitors bind to and inhibit the activity of both domains, but have much greater affinity for and inhibitory activity against the C-domain. Fosinoprilat, the active metabolite of fosinopril, competes with ATI for binding to ACE and inhibits and enzymatic proteolysis of ATI to ATII. Decreasing ATII levels in the body decreases blood pressure by inhibiting the pressor effects of ATII as described in the Pharmacology section above. Fosinoprilat also causes an increase in plasma renin activity likely due to a loss of feedback inhibition mediated by ATII on the release of renin and/or stimulation of reflex mechanisms via baroreceptors.
DCC0110	Entacapone	CAS:130929-57-6	C14H15N3O5	small molecule	approved	305.286	"Used as an adjunct to levodopa / carbidopa in the symptomatic treatment of patients with idiopathic Parkinson's Disease who experience the signs and symptoms of end-of-dose wearing-off."	Entacapone is structurally and pharmacologically related to tolcapone, but unlike tolcapone, is not associated with hepatotoxicity. Entacapone is used in the treatment of Parkinson&rsquo;s disease as an adjunct to levodopa/carbidopa therapy. Entacapone is a selective and reversible inhibitor of catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT). In mammals, COMT is distributed throughout various organs with the highest activities in the liver and kidney. COMT also occurs in the heart, lung, smooth and skeletal muscles, intestinal tract, reproductive organs, various glands, adipose tissue, skin, blood cells and neuronal tissues, especially in glial cells. COMT catalyzes the transfer of the methyl group of S-adenosyl-L-methionine to the phenolic group of substrates that contain a catechol structure. Physiological substrates of COMT include dopa, catecholamines (dopamine, norepinephrine, and epinephrine) and their hydroxylated metabolites. The function of COMT is the elimination of biologically active catechols and some other hydroxylated metabolites. COMT is responsible for the elimination of biologically active catechols and some other hydroxylated metabolites. In the presence of a decarboxylase inhibitor, COMT becomes the major metabolizing enzyme for levodopa, catalyzing the it to 3-methoxy-4-hydroxy-L-phenylalanine (3-OMD) in the brain and periphery.	The mechanism of action of entacapone is believed to be through its ability to inhibit COMT in peripheral tissues, altering the plasma pharmacokinetics of levodopa. When entacapone is given in conjunction with levodopa and an aromatic amino acid decarboxylase inhibitor, such as carbidopa, plasma levels of levodopa are greater and more sustained than after administration of levodopa and an aromatic amino acid decarboxylase inhibitor alone. It is believed that at a given frequency of levodopa administration, these more sustained plasma levels of levodopa result in more constant dopaminergic stimulation in the brain, leading to a greater reduction in the manifestations of parkinsonian syndrome.
DCC0111	Zidovudine	CAS:30516-87-1	C10H13N5O4	small molecule	approved	267.2413	Used in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of human immunovirus (HIV) infections.	"Zidovudine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) with activity against Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1). Zidovudine is phosphorylated to active metabolites that compete for incorporation into viral DNA. They inhibit the HIV reverse transcriptase enzyme competitively and act as a chain terminator of DNA synthesis. The lack of a 3'-OH group in the incorporated nucleoside analogue prevents the formation of the 5' to 3' phosphodiester linkage essential for DNA chain elongation, and therefore, the viral DNA growth is terminated."	Zidovudine, a structural analog of thymidine, is a prodrug that must be phosphorylated to its active 5_¿_-triphosphate metabolite, zidovudine triphosphate (ZDV-TP). It inhibits the activity of HIV-1 reverse transcriptase (RT) via DNA chain termination after incorporation of the nucleotide analogue. It competes with the natural substrate dGTP and incorporates itself into viral DNA. It is also a weak inhibitor of cellular DNA polymerase ¿¿ and ¿_.
DCC0112	Oxycodone	CAS:76-42-6	C18H21NO4	small molecule	approved	315.3636	For the treatment of diarrhoea, pulmonary oedema and for the relief of moderate to moderately severe pain.	Oxycodone, a semisynthetic opiate agonist derived from the opioid alkaloid, thebaine, is similar to other phenanthrene derivatives such as hydrocodone and morphine. Oxycodone is available in combination with aspirin or acetaminophen to control pain and restless leg and Tourette syndromes.	Oxycodone acts as a weak agonist at mu, kappa, and delta opioid receptors within the central nervous system (CNS). Oxycodone primarily affects mu-type opioid receptors, which are coupled with G-protein receptors and function as modulators, both positive and negative, of synaptic transmission via G-proteins that activate effector proteins. Binding of the opiate stimulates the exchange of GTP for GDP on the G-protein complex. As the effector system is adenylate cyclase and cAMP located at the inner surface of the plasma membrane, opioids decrease intracellular cAMP by inhibiting adenylate cyclase. Subsequently, the release of nociceptive neurotransmitters such as substance P, GABA, dopamine, acetylcholine, and noradrenaline is inhibited. Opioids such as oxycodone also inhibit the release of vasopressin, somatostatin, insulin, and glucagon. Opioids close N-type voltage-operated calcium channels (kappa-receptor agonist) and open calcium-dependent inwardly rectifying potassium channels (mu and delta receptor agonist). This results in hyperpolarization and reduced neuronal excitability.
DCC0113	Cimetidine	CAS:51481-61-9	C10H16N6S	small molecule	approved	252.339	For the treatment and the management of acid-reflux disorders (GERD), peptic ulcer disease, heartburn, and acid indigestion.	Cimetidine is a histamine H<sub>2</sub>-receptor antagonist. It reduces basal and nocturnal gastric acid secretion and a reduction in gastric volume, acidity, and amount of gastric acid released in response to stimuli including food, caffeine, insulin, betazole, or pentagastrin. It is used to treat gastrointestinal disorders such as gastric or duodenal ulcer, gastroesophageal reflux disease, and pathological hypersecretory conditions. Cimetidine inhibits many of the isoenzymes of the hepatic CYP450 enzyme system. Other actions of Cimetidine include an increase in gastric bacterial flora such as nitrate-reducing organisms.	Cimetidine binds to an H<sub>2</sub>-receptor located on the basolateral membrane of the gastric parietal cell, blocking histamine effects. This competitive inhibition results in reduced gastric acid secretion and a reduction in gastric volume and acidity.
DCC0114	Ritonavir	CAS:155213-67-5	C37H48N6O5S2	small molecule	approved	720.944	Indicated in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV-infection.	Ritonavir is a protease inhibitor with activity against Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1). Protease inhibitors block the part of HIV called protease. HIV-1 protease is an enzyme required for the proteolytic cleavage of the viral polyprotein precursors into the individual functional proteins found in infectious HIV-1. Ritonavir binds to the protease active site and inhibits the activity of the enzyme. This inhibition prevents cleavage of the viral polyproteins resulting in the formation of immature non-infectious viral particles. Protease inhibitors are almost always used in combination with at least two other anti-HIV drugs.	Ritonavir inhibits the HIV viral proteinase enzyme which prevents cleavage of the gag-pol polyprotein, resulting in noninfectious, immature viral particles.
DCC0115	Vancomycin	CAS:1404-90-6	C66H75Cl2N9O24	small molecule	approved	1449.254	For the treatment of serious or severe infections caused by susceptible strains of methicillin-resistant (beta-lactam-resistant) staphylococci.	Vancomycin is a branched tricyclic glycosylated nonribosomal peptide produced by the fermentation of the Actinobacteria species <i>Amycolatopsis orientalis</i> (formerly <i>Nocardia orientalis</i>). It is often reserved as the drug of last resort, used only after treatment with other antibiotics had failed. Vancomycin has been shown to be active against most strains of the following microorganisms, both in vitro and in clinical infections: <i>Listeria monocytogenes</i>, <i>Streptococcus pyogenes</i>, <i>Streptococcus pneumoniae</i> (including penicillin-resistant strains), <i>Streptococcus agalactiae</i>, <i>Actinomyces</i> species, and <i>Lactobacillus</i> species. The combination of vancomycin and an aminoglycoside acts synergistically in vitro against many strains of Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus bovis, enterococci, and the viridans group streptococci.	The bactericidal action of vancomycin results primarily from inhibition of cell-wall biosynthesis. Specifically, vancomycin prevents incorporation of N-acetylmuramic acid (NAM)- and N-acetylglucosamine (NAG)-peptide subunits from being incorporated into the peptidoglycan matrix; which forms the major structural component of Gram-positive cell walls. The large hydrophilic molecule is able to form hydrogen bond interactions with the terminal D-alanyl-D-alanine moieties of the NAM/NAG-peptides. Normally this is a five-point interaction. This binding of vancomycin to the D-Ala-D-Ala prevents the incorporation of the NAM/NAG-peptide subunits into the peptidoglycan matrix. In addition, vancomycin alters bacterial-cell-membrane permeability and RNA synthesis. There is no cross-resistance between vancomycin and other antibiotics. Vancomycin is not active in vitro against gram-negative bacilli, mycobacteria, or fungi.
DCC0067	Vinorelbine	CAS:71486-22-1	C45H54N4O8	small molecule	approved	778.9323	In combination with cisplatin for first-line treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).	"Vinorelbine is a vinca alkaloid antineoplastic agent used as a treatment for various cancers including breast cancer, Hodgkin's disease, Kaposi's sarcoma, and testicular cancer. The vinca alkaloids are structurally similar compounds comprised of 2 multiringed units, vindoline and catharanthine. The vinca alkaloids have become clinically useful since the discovery of their antitumour properties in 1959. Initially, extracts of the periwinkle plant (<i>Catharanthus roseus</i>) were investigated because of putative hypoglycemic properties, but were noted to cause marrow suppression in rats and antileukemic effects <i>in vitro</i>. Vinorelbine binds to the microtubular proteins of the mitotic spindle, leading to crystallization of the microtubule and mitotic arrest or cell death. Vinorelbine has some immunosuppressant effect. The vinca alkaloids are considered to be cell cycle phase-specific."	The antitumor activity of vinorelbine is thought to be due primarily to inhibition of mitosis at metaphase through its interaction with tubulin. Vinorelbine binds to the microtubular proteins of the mitotic spindle, leading to crystallization of the microtubule and mitotic arrest or cell death. Like other vinca alkaloids, vinorelbine may also interfere with: 1) amino acid, cyclic AMP, and glutathione metabolism, 2) calmodulin-dependent Ca<sup>2+</sup>-transport ATPase activity, 3) cellular respiration, and 4) nucleic acid and lipid biosynthesis.
DCC0068	Anidulafungin	CAS:166663-25-8	C58H73N7O17	small molecule	approved	1140.2369	For use in the treatment of the following fungal infections: Candidemia and other forms of <i>Candida</i> infections (intra-abdominal abscess, and peritonitis), Aspergillus infections, and esophageal candidiasis. Also considered an alternative treatment for oropharyngeal canaidiasis.	Anidulafungin is a semi-synthetic lipopeptide synthesized from a fermentation product of <i>Aspergillus nidulans</i>. Anidulafungin is an echinocandin, a class of antifungal drugs that inhibits the synthesis of 1,3-beta-D-glucan, an essential component of fungal cell walls. Anidulafungin is active in vitro against many <i>Candida</i>, as well as some <i>Aspergillus</i>. Like other echinocandins, anidulafungin is not active against <i>Cryptococcus neoformans</i>, <i>Trichosporon</i>, <i>Fusarium</i>, or zygomycetes.	Anidulafungin is a semi-synthetic echinocandin with antifungal activity. Anidulafungin inhibits glucan synthase, an enzyme present in fungal, but not mammalian cells. This results in inhibition of the formation of 1,3-beta-D-glucan, an essential component of the fungal cell wall, ultimately leading to osmotic instability and cell death.
DCC0069	Clozapine	CAS:5786-21-0	C18H19ClN4	small molecule	approved	326.823	Clozapine is used to treat severe schizophrenia, or to reduce the risk of suicidal behavior in people with schizophrenia or similar disorders.	"Clozapine is a psychotropic agent belonging to the chemical class of benzisoxazole derivatives and is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia. Clozapine is a selective monoaminergic antagonist with high affinity for the serotonin Type 2 (5HT<sub>2</sub>), dopamine Type 2 (D2), 1 and 2 adrenergic, and H1 histaminergic receptors. Clozapine acts as an antagonist at other receptors, but with lower potency. Antagonism at receptors other than dopamine and 5HT<sub>2</sub> with similar receptor affinities may explain some of the other therapeutic and side effects of Clozapine. Clozapine's antagonism of muscarinic M1-5 receptors may explain its anticholinergic effects. Clozapine's antagonism of histamine H1 receptors may explain the somnolence observed with this drug. Clozapine's antagonism of adrenergic a1 receptors may explain the orthostatic hypotension observed with this drug."	"Clozapine's antipsychotic action is likely mediated through a combination of antogistic effects at D2 receptors in the mesolimbic pathway and 5-HT2A receptors in the frontal cortex. D2 antagonism relieves positive symptoms while 5-HT2A antagonism alleviates negative symptoms."
DCC0070	Levonorgestrel	CAS:797-63-7	C21H28O2	small molecule	approved	312.4458	For the treatment of menopausal and postmenopausal disorders and alone or in combination with other hormones as an oral contraceptive.	"Levonorgestrel is a progestin or a synthetic form of the naturally occurring female sex hormone, progesterone. In a woman's normal menstrual cycle, an egg matures and is released from the ovaries (ovulation). The ovary then produces progesterone, preventing the release of further eggs and priming the lining of the womb for a possible pregnancy. If pregnancy occurs, progesterone levels in the body remain high, maintaining the womb lining. If pregnancy does not occur, progesterone levels in the body fall, resulting in a menstrual period. Levonorgestrel tricks the body processes into thinking that ovulation has already occurred, by maintaining high levels of the synthetic progesterone. This prevents the release of eggs from the ovaries."	Binds to the progesterone and estrogen receptors. Target cells include the female reproductive tract, the mammary gland, the hypothalamus, and the pituitary. Once bound to the receptor, progestins like levonorgestrel will slow the frequency of release of gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) from the hypothalamus and blunt the pre-ovulatory LH (luteinizing hormone) surge.
DCC0071	Meprobamate	CAS:57-53-4	C9H18N2O4	small molecule	approved	218.2502	For the management of anxiety disorders or for the short-term relief of the symptoms of anxiety.	Meprobamate is an anxiolytic drug. It was the best selling minor tranquilizer for a time but has largely been replaced by benzodiazepines. Meprobamate has most of the pharmacological effects and dangers of the barbiturates (though it was marketed as being safer). However, it is less sedating at effective doses. It is reported to have some anticonvulsant properties against absence seizures, but can exacerbate generalized tonic-clonic seizures. It has also been used as a hypnotic (sleeping pill). However, its is currently only licensed as an anxiolytic and it is a third or fourth-order choice.	"Meprobamate's mechanism of action is not known. It has been shown in animal studies to have effects at multiple sites in the central nervous system, including the thalamus and limbic system. Meprobamate binds to GABA<sub>A</sub> receptors which interrupt neuronal communication in the reticular formation and spinal cord, causing sedation and altered perception of pain."
DCC0072	Timolol	CAS:26839-75-8	C13H24N4O3S	small molecule	approved	316.42	In its oral form it is used to treat high blood pressure and prevent heart attacks, and occasionally to prevent migraine headaches. In its opthalmic form it is used to treat open-angle and occasionally secondary glaucoma.	Similar to propranolol and nadolol, timolol is a non-selective, beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist. Timolol does not have significant intrinsic sympathomimetic, direct myocardial depressant, or local anesthetic (membrane-stabilizing) activity, but does possess a relatively high degree of lipid solubility. Timolol, when applied topically to the eye, has the action of reducing elevated, as well as normal, intraocular pressure, whether or not accompanied by glaucoma. Elevated intraocular pressure is a major risk factor in the pathogenesis of glaucomatous visual field loss and optic nerve damage.	Like propranolol and nadolol, timolol competes with adrenergic neurotransmitters such as catecholamines for binding at beta(1)-adrenergic receptors in the heart and vascular smooth muscle and beta(2)-receptors in the bronchial and vascular smooth muscle. Beta(1)-receptor blockade results in a decrease in resting and exercise heart rate and cardiac output, a decrease in both systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and, possibly, a reduction in reflex orthostatic hypotension. Beta(2)-blockade results in an increase in peripheral vascular resistance. The exact mechanism whereby timolol reduces ocular pressure is still not known. The most likely action is by decreasing the secretion of aqueous humor.
DCC0073	Amlodipine	CAS:88150-42-9	C20H25ClN2O5	small molecule	approved	408.876	For the treatment of hypertension and chronic stable angina.	Amlodipine belongs to the dihydropyridine (DHP) class of calcium channel blockers (CCBs), the most widely used class of CCBs. There are at least five different types of calcium channels in Homo sapiens: L-, N-, P/Q-, R- and T-type. It was widely accepted that DHP CCBs target L-type calcium channels, the major channel in muscle cells that mediate contraction; however, some studies have indicated that amlodipine also binds to and inhibits N-type calcium channels (see references in Targets section). Similar to other DHP CCBs, amlodipine binds directly to inactive L-type calcium channels stabilizing their inactive conformation. Since arterial smooth muscle depolarizations are longer in duration than cardiac muscle depolarizations, inactive channels are more prevalent in smooth muscle cells. Alternative splicing of the alpha-1 subunit of the channel gives amlodipine additional arterial selectivity. At therapeutic sub-toxic concentrations, amlodipine has little effect on cardiac myocytes and conduction cells.	Amlodipine decreases arterial smooth muscle contractility and subsequent vasoconstriction by inhibiting the influx of calcium ions through L-type calcium channels. Calcium ions entering the cell through these channels bind to calmodulin. Calcium-bound calmodulin then binds to and activates myosin light chain kinase (MLCK). Activated MLCK catalyzes the phosphorylation of the regulatory light chain subunit of myosin, a key step in muscle contraction. Signal amplification is achieved by calcium-induced calcium release from the sarcoplasmic reticulum through ryanodine receptors. Inhibition of the initial influx of calcium decreases the contractile activity of arterial smooth muscle cells and results in vasodilation. The vasodilatory effects of amlodipine result in an overall decrease in blood pressure. Amlodipine is a long-acting CCB that may be used to treat mild to moderate essential hypertension and exertion-related angina (chronic stable angina). Another possible mechanism is that amlodipine inhibits vascular smooth muscle carbonic anhydrase I activity causing cellular pH increases which may be involved in regulating intracelluar calcium influx through calcium channels.
DCC0074	Triamterene	CAS:396-01-0	C12H11N7	small molecule	approved	253.2626	For the treatment of edema associated with congestive heart failure, cirrhosis of the liver, and the nephrotic syndrome; also in steroid-induced edema, idiopathic edema, and edema due to secondary hyperaldosteronism.	Triamterene, a relatively weak, potassium-sparing diuretic and antihypertensive, is used in the management of hypokalemia. Triamterene is similar in action to amiloride but, unlike amiloride, increases the urinary excretion of magnesium.	Triamterene inhibits the epithelial sodium channels on principal cells in the late distal convoluted tubule and collecting tubule, which are responsible for 1-2% of total sodium reabsorption. As sodium reabsorption is inhibited, this increases the osmolarity in the nephron lumen and decreases the osmolarity of the interstitium. Since sodium concentration is the main driving force for water reabsorption, triamterene can achieve a modest amount of diuresis by decreasing the osmotic gradient necessary for water reabsorption from lumen to interstitium. Triamterene also has a potassium-sparing effect. Normally, the process of potassium excretion is driven by the electrochemical gradient produced by sodium reabsorption. As sodium is reabsorbed, it leaves a negative potential in the lumen, while producing a positive potential in the principal cell. This potential promotes potassium excretion through apical potassium channels. By inhibiting sodium reabsorption, triamterene also inhibits potassium excretion.
DCC0075	Phenylephrine	CAS:59-42-7	C9H13NO2	small molecule	approved	167.205	Phenylephrine is mainly used to treat nasal congestion, but may also be useful in treating hypotension and shock, hypotension during spinal anaesthesia, prolongation of spinal anaesthesia, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia, symptomatic relief of external or internal hemorrhoids, and to increase blood pressure as an aid in the diagnosis of heart murmurs.	Phenylephrine is a powerful vasoconstrictor. It is used as a nasal decongestant and cardiotonic agent. Phenylephrine is a postsynaptic alpha<sub>1</sub>-receptor agonist with little effect on beta-receptors of the heart. Parenteral administration of phenylephrine causes a rise in systolic and diastolic pressures, a slight decrease in cardiac output, and a considerable increase in peripheral resistance; most vascular beds are constricted, and renal, splanchnic, cutaneous, and limb blood flows are reduced while coronary blood flow is increased. Phenelephrine also causes pulmonary vessel constriction and subsequent increase in pulmonary arterial pressure. Vasoconstriction in the mucosa of the respiratory tract leads to decreased edema and increased drainage of sinus cavities.	In general, alpha<sub>1</sub>-adrenergic receptors mediate contraction and hypertrophic growth of smooth muscle cells. alpha<sub>1</sub>-receptors are 7-transmembrane domain receptors coupled to G proteins, G<sub>q/11</sub>. Three alpha<sub>1</sub>-receptor subtypes, which share approximately 75% homology in their transmembrane domains, have been identified: alpha<sub>1A</sub> (chromosome 8), alpha<sub>1B</sub> (chromosome 5), and alpha<sub>1D</sub> (chromosome 20). Phenylephrine appears to act similarly on all three receptor subtypes. All three receptor subtypes appear to be involved in maintaining vascular tone. The alpha<sub>1A</sub>-receptor maintains basal vascular tone while the alpha<sub>1B</sub>-receptor mediates the vasocontrictory effects of exogenous alpha<sub>1</sub>-agonists. Activation of the alpha<sub>1</sub>-receptor activates G<sub>q</sub>-proteins, which results in intracellular stimulation of phospholipases C, A<sub>2</sub>, and D. This results in mobilization of Ca<sup>2+</sup> from intracellular stores, activation of mitogen-activated kinase and PI<sub>3</sub> kinase pathways and subsequent vasoconstriction. Phenylephrine produces its local and systemic actions by acting on alpha<sub>1</sub>-adrenergic receptors peripheral vascular smooth muscle. Stimulation of the alpha<sub>1</sub>-adrenergic receptors results in contraction arteriolar smooth muscle in the periphery. Phenylephrine decreases nasal congestion by acting on alpha<sub>1</sub>-adrenergic receptors in the arterioles of the nasal mucosa to produce constriction; this leads to decreased edema and increased drainage of the sinus cavities.
DCC0076	Nimodipine	CAS:66085-59-4	C21H26N2O7	small molecule	approved	418.4403	For use as an adjunct to improve neurologic outcome following subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) from ruptured intracranial berry aneurysms by reducing the incidence and severity of ischemic deficits.	Nimodipine belongs to the class of pharmacological agents known as calcium channel blockers. Nimodipine is indicated for the improvement of neurological outcome by reducing the incidence and severity of ischemic deficits in patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage from ruptured congenital aneurysms who are in good neurological condition post-ictus (e.g., Hunt and Hess Grades I-III). The contractile processes of smooth muscle cells are dependent upon calcium ions, which enter these cells during depolarization as slow ionic transmembrane currents. Nimodipine inhibits calcium ion transfer into these cells and thus inhibits contractions of vascular smooth muscle. In animal experiments, nimodipine had a greater effect on cerebral arteries than on arteries elsewhere in the body perhaps because it is highly lipophilic, allowing it to cross the blood brain barrier.	"Although the precise mechanism of action is not known, nimodipine blocks intracellular influx of calcium through voltage-dependent and receptor-operated slow calcium channels across the membranes of myocardial, vascular smooth muscle, and neuronal cells. Nimodipine binds specifically to L-type voltage-gated calcium channels. The inhibition of calcium ion transfer results in the inhibition of vascular smooth muscle contraction. Evidence suggests that the dilation of small cerebral resistance vessels, with a resultant increase in collateral circulation, and/or a direct effect involving the prevention of calcium overload in neurons may be responsible for nimodipine's clinical effect in patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage."
DCC0077	Beclomethasone	CAS:5534-09-8	C28H37ClO7	small molecule	approved	521.042	"Used in the maintenance treatment of asthma as prophylactic therapy in patients 5 years of age and older, and in treating symptoms for allergic rhinitis (seasonal or perennial) in patients 12 years of age and older. Also being investigated for oral treatment in mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease of ileal or ileal-right colonic localisation and for topical use mild-to-moderate graft versus host disease."	Beclometasone, a synthetic halogenated glucocorticoid with antiinflammatory and vasoconstrictive effects, is used for treating steroid-dependent asthma, allergic or nonallergic rhinitis, or recurrent nasal polyps.	"Unbound corticosteroids cross cell membranes and bind with high affinity to specific cytoplasmic receptors. The result includes inhibition of leukocyte infiltration at the site of inflammation, interference in the function of mediators of inflammatory response, suppression of humoral immune responses, and reduction in edema or scar tissue. The antiinflammatory actions of corticosteroids are thought to involve phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins, lipocortins, which control the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes.For the investigated use in the treatment of GvHD or Crohn's, beclometasone acts by binding to interleukin-13 to inhibit cytokines, which in turn inhibits inflammatory chemicals downstream."
DCC0078	Carisoprodol	CAS:78-44-4	C12H24N2O4	small molecule	approved	260.33	For the relief of discomfort associated with acute, painful, musculoskeletal conditions.	Carisoprodol is used as a skeletal muscle relaxant. One of its metabolites, meprobamate, is available as an anxiolytic agent.	Carisoprodol is a central nervous system depressant that acts as a sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant. Rather than acting directly on skeletal muscle, carisoprodol interrupts neuronal communication within the reticular formation and spinal cord, resulting in sedation and alteration in pain perception. Its exact mechanism of action is not yet known.
DCC0081	Dexbrompheniramine	CAS:132-21-8	C16H19BrN2	small molecule	approved	319.239	Temporary relief of runny nose, sneezing, itchy nose or throat, and itchy, watery eyes due to hay fever or other allergies.	In allergic reactions an allergen interacts with and cross-links surface IgE antibodies on mast cells and basophils. Once the mast cell-antibody-antigen complex is formed, a complex series of events occurs that eventually leads to cell-degranulation and the release of histamine (and other chemical mediators) from the mast cell or basophil. Once released, histamine can react with local or widespread tissues through histamine receptors. Histamine, acting on H<sub>1</sub>-receptors, produces pruritis, vasodilatation, hypotension, flushing, headache, tachycardia, and bronchoconstriction. Histamine also increases vascular permeability and potentiates pain. Dexbrompheniramine is a histamine H1 antagonist (or more correctly, an inverse histamine agonist) of the alkylamine class. It provides effective, temporary relief of sneezing, watery and itchy eyes, and runny nose due to hay fever and other upper respiratory allergies.	Dexbrompheniramine competitively binds to the histamine H<sub>1</sub>-receptor. It competes with histamine for the normal H<sub>1</sub>-receptor sites on effector cells of the gastrointestinal tract, blood vessels and respiratory tract. This blocks the action of endogenous histamine, which subsequently leads to temporary relief of the negative symptoms brought on by histamine.
DCC0082	Rosiglitazone	CAS:122320-73-4	C18H19N3O3S	small molecule	approved	357.427	Rosiglitazone is indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.	When rosiglitazone is used as monotherapy, it is associated with increases in total cholesterol, LDL, and HDL. It is also associated with decreases in free fatty acids. Increases in LDL occurred primarily during the first 1 to 2 months of therapy with AVANDIA and LDL levels remained elevated above baseline throughout the trials. In contrast, HDL continued to rise over time. As a result, the LDL/HDL ratio peaked after 2 months of therapy and then appeared to decrease over time.	Rosiglitazone acts as a highly selective and potent agonist at peroxisome proliferator activated receptors (PPAR) in target tissues for insulin action such as adipose tissue, skeletal muscle, and liver. Activation of PPAR-gamma receptors regulates the transcription of insulin-responsive genes involved in the control of glucose production, transport, and utilization. In this way, rosiglitazone enhances tissue sensitivity to insulin.
DCC0083	Ampicillin	CAS:69-53-4	C16H19N3O4S	small molecule	approved	349.405	For treatment of infection (Respiratory, GI, UTI and meningitis) due to E. coli, P. mirabilis, enterococci, Shigella, S. typhosa and other Salmonella, nonpenicillinase-producing N. gononhoeae, H. influenzae, staphylococci, streptococci including streptoc	Ampicillin is a penicillin beta-lactam antibiotic used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually gram-positive, organisms. The name penicillin can either refer to several variants of penicillin available, or to the group of antibiotics derived from the penicillins. Ampicillin has <i>in vitro</i> activity against gram-positive and gram-negative aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The bactericidal activity of Ampicillin results from the inhibition of cell wall synthesis and is mediated through Ampicillin binding to penicillin binding proteins (PBPs). Ampicillin is stable against hydrolysis by a variety of beta-lactamases, including penicillinases, and cephalosporinases and extended spectrum beta-lactamases.	By binding to specific penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located inside the bacterial cell wall, Ampicillin inhibits the third and last stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis. Cell lysis is then mediated by bacterial cell wall autolytic enzymes such as autolysins; it is possible that Ampicillin interferes with an autolysin inhibitor.
DCC0079	Sorafenib	CAS:284461-73-0	C21H16ClF3N4O3	small molecule	approved	464.825	Sorafenib is indicated for the treatment of unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma and advanced renal cell carcinoma.	No large changes in QTc interval were observed. After one 28-day treatment cycle, the largest mean QTc interval change of 8.5 ms (upper bound of two-sided 90% confidence interval, 13.3 ms) was observed at 6 hours post-dose on day 1 of cycle 2.	Sorafenib interacts with multiple intracellular (CRAF, BRAF and mutant BRAF) and cell surface kinases (KIT, FLT-3, VEGFR-2, VEGFR-3, and PDGFR-&szlig;). Several of these kinases are thought to be involved in angiogenesis, thus sorafenib reduces blood flow to the tumor. Sorafenib is unique in targeting the Raf/Mek/Erk pathway. By inhibiting these kinases, genetic transcription involving cell proliferation and angiogenesis is inhibited.
DCC0080	Zoledronate	CAS:118072-93-8	C5H10N2O7P2	small molecule	approved	272.0896	For the treatment of hypercalcemia of malignancy. Also for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma and patients with documented bone metastases from solid tumors, in conjunction with standard antineoplastic therapy. In May of 2007, the drug was approved for treatment of Paget_¿_s Disease.	Zoledronate is a bisphosphonic acid which is an inhibitor of osteoclastic bone resorption. Zoledronate is used to prevent osteoporosis and skeletal fractures, particularly in patients with cancers such as multiple myeloma and prostate cancer. It can also be used to treat hypercalcemia, particularly hypercalcemia of malignancy. It can also be helpful for treating pain from bone metastases.	The action of zoledronate on bone tissue is based partly on its affinity for hydroxyapatite, which is part of the mineral matrix of bone. Zoledronate also targets farnesyl pyrophosphate (FPP) synthase. Nitrogen-containing bisphosphonates such as zoledronate appear to act as analogues of isoprenoid diphosphate lipids, thereby inhibiting FPP synthase, an enzyme in the mevalonate pathway. Inhibition of this enzyme in osteoclasts prevents the biosynthesis of isoprenoid lipids (FPP and GGPP) that are essential for the post-translational farnesylation and geranylgeranylation of small GTPase signalling proteins. This activity inhibits osteoclast activity and reduces bone resorption and turnover. In postmenopausal women, it reduces the elevated rate of bone turnover, leading to, on average, a net gain in bone mass.
DCC0084	Penicillin V	CAS:87-08-1	C16H18N2O5S	small molecule	approved	350.39	For the treatment of mild to moderately severe infections (e.g. dental infection, infections in the heart, middle ear infections, rheumatic fever, scarlet fever, skin infections, upper and lower respiratory tract infections) due to microorganisms	Penicillin V is a penicillin beta-lactam antibiotic used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually gram-positive, organisms. The name penicillin can either refer to several variants of penicillin available, or to the group of antibiotics derived from the penicillins. Penicillin V has <i>in vitro</i> activity against gram-positive and gram-negative aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The bactericidal activity of Penicillin V results from the inhibition of cell wall synthesis and is mediated through Penicillin V binding to penicillin binding proteins (PBPs). Penicillin V is stable against hydrolysis by a variety of beta-lactamases, including penicillinases, and cephalosporinases and extended spectrum beta-lactamases.	By binding to specific penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located inside the bacterial cell wall, Penicillin V inhibits the third and last stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis. Cell lysis is then mediated by bacterial cell wall autolytic enzymes such as autolysins; it is possible that Penicillin V interferes with an autolysin inhibitor.
DCC0085	Spironolactone	CAS:52-01-7	C24H32O4S	small molecule	approved	416.573	"Used primarily to treat low-renin hypertension, hypokalemia, and Conn's syndrome."	Spironolactone is a synthetic 17-lactone steroid which is a renal competitive aldosterone antagonist in a class of pharmaceuticals called potassium-sparing diuretics. On its own, spironolactone is only a weak diuretic, but it can be combined with other diuretics. Due to its anti-androgen effect, it can also be used to treat hirsutism, and is a common component in hormone therapy for male-to-female transgendered people. Spironolactone inhibits the effect of aldosterone by competing for intracellular aldosterone receptor in the distal tubule cells. This increases the secretion of water and sodium, while decreasing the excretion of potassium. Spironolactone has a fairly slow onset of action, taking several days to develop and similarly the effect diminishes slowly.	Spironolactone is a specific pharmacologic antagonist of aldosterone, acting primarily through competitive binding of receptors at the aldosterone-dependent sodium-potassium exchange site in the distal convoluted renal tubule. Spironolactone causes increased amounts of sodium and water to be excreted, while potassium is retained. Spironolactone acts both as a diuretic and as an antihypertensive drug by this mechanism. It may be given alone or with other diuretic agents which act more proximally in the renal tubule. Aldosterone interacts with a cytoplasmic mineralocorticoid receptor to enhance the expression of the Na+, K+-ATPase and the Na+ channel involved in a Na+ K+ transport in the distal tubule . Spironolactone bind to this mineralcorticoid receptor, blocking the actions of aldosterone on gene expression. Aldosterone is a hormone; its primary function is to retain sodium and excrete potassium in the kidneys.
DCC0086	Methocarbamol	CAS:532-03-6	C11H15NO5	small molecule	approved	241.2405	For use as an adjunct to rest, physical therapy, and other measures for the relief of discomforts associated with acute, painful musculoskeletal conditions.	"Methocarbamol is a central muscle relaxant for skeletal muscles, used to treat spasms. It is structurally related to guaifenesin. Methocarbamol's exact mechanism of causing skeletal muscle relaxation is unknown. It is thought to work centrally, perhaps by general depressant effects. It has no direct relaxant effects on striated muscle, nerve fibers, or the motor endplate. It will not directly relax contracted skeletal muscles. The drug has a secondary sedative effect."	The mechanism of action of methocarbamol in humans has not been established, but may be due to central nervous system depression. It has no direct action on the contractile mechanism of striated muscle, the motor end plate or the nerve fiber.
DCC0087	Triprolidine	CAS:486-12-4	C19H22N2	small molecule	approved	278.3914	For the symptomatic relief of seasonal or perennial allergic rhinitis or nonallergic rhinitis; allergic conjunctivitis; and mild, uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema. Also used in combination with other agents for the symptomatic relief of symptoms associated with the common cold.	In allergic reactions an allergen interacts with and cross-links surface IgE antibodies on mast cells and basophils. Once the mast cell-antibody-antigen complex is formed, a complex series of events occurs that eventually leads to cell-degranulation and the release of histamine (and other chemical mediators) from the mast cell or basophil. Once released, histamine can react with local or widespread tissues through histamine receptors. Histamine, acting on H1-receptors, produces pruritis, vasodilatation, hypotension, flushing, headache, tachycardia, and bronchoconstriction. Histamine also increases vascular permeability and potentiates pain. Triprolidine, is a histamine H1 antagonist that competes with histamine for the normal H1-receptor sites on effector cells of the gastrointestinal tract, blood vessels and respiratory tract. It provides effective, temporary relief of sneezing, watery and itchy eyes, and runny nose due to hay fever and other upper respiratory allergies. Triprolidine has anticholinergic and sedative effects.	Triprolidine binds to the histamine H1 receptor. This blocks the action of endogenous histamine, which subsequently leads to temporary relief of the negative symptoms brought on by histamine.
DCC0088	Trifluridine	CAS:70-00-8	C10H11F3N2O5	small molecule	approved	296.1999	Ophthalmic solution for the treatment of primay keratoconjunctivitis and recurrent epithelial keratitis due to herpes simplex virus, types 1 and 2.	Trifluridine is a fluorinated pyrimidine nucleoside with in vitro and in vivo activity against herpes simplex virus, types 1 and 2 and vacciniavirus. Some strains of adenovirus are also inhibited in vitro. Trifluridine is also effective in the treatment of epithelial keratitis that has not responded clinically to the topical administration of idoxuridine or when ocular toxicity or hypersensitivity to idoxuridine has occurred. In a smaller number of patients found to be resistant to topical vidarabine, trifluridine was also effective. Trifluridine interferes with DNA synthesis in cultured mammalian cells. However, its antiviral mechanism of action is not completely known.	The mechanism of action of trifluridine has not been fully determined, but appears to involve the inhibition of viral replication. Trifluridine does this by incorporating into viral DNA during replication, which leads to the formation of defective proteins and an increased mutation rate. This drug also reversibly inhibits thymidylate synthetase, an enzyme that is necessary for DNA synthesis.
DCC0089	Prochlorperazine	CAS:58-38-8	C20H24ClN3S	small molecule	approved	373.943	For the symptomatic management of psychotic disorders, short term management of nonpsychotic anxiety in patients with generalized anxiety disorder, and for the control of severe nausea and vomiting of various causes.	Prochlorperazine is a piperazine phenothiazine related to high-potency neuroleptics such as perphenazine. It shares many of the actions and adverse effects of the antipsychotics.	The mechanism of action of prochlorperazine has not been fully determined, but may be primarily related to its antidopaminergic effects. Prochlorperazine blocks the D2 somatodendritic autoreceptor, resulting in the blockade of postsynaptic dopamine receptors in the mesolimbic system and an increased dopamine turnover. Prochlorperazine also has anti-emetic effects, which can be attributed to dopamine blockade in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. Prochlorperazine also blocks anticholinergic and alpha-adrenergic receptors, the blockade of alpha(1)-adrenergic receptors resulting in sedation, muscle relaxation, and hypotension.
DCC0090	Bendroflumethiazide	CAS:73-48-3	C15H14F3N3O4S2	small molecule	approved	421.415	For the treatment of high blood pressure and management of edema related to heart failure.	Bendroflumethiazide, a thiazide diuretic, removes excess water from the body by increasing how often you urinate (pass water) and also widens the blood vessels which helps to reduce blood pressure. It inhibits Na<sup>+</sup>/Cl<sup>-</sup> reabsorption from the distal convoluted tubules in the kidneys. Thiazides also cause loss of potassium and an increase in serum uric acid. Thiazides are often used to treat hypertension, but their hypotensive effects are not necessarily due to their diuretic activity. Thiazides have been shown to prevent hypertension-related morbidity and mortality although the mechanism is not fully understood. Thiazides cause vasodilation by activating calcium-activated potassium channels (large conductance) in vascular smooth muscles and inhibiting various carbonic anhydrases in vascular tissue.	As a diuretic, bendroflumethiazide inhibits active chloride reabsorption at the early distal tubule via the Na-Cl cotransporter, resulting in an increase in the excretion of sodium, chloride, and water. Thiazides like bendroflumethiazide also inhibit sodium ion transport across the renal tubular epithelium through binding to the thiazide sensitive sodium-chloride transporter. This results in an increase in potassium excretion via the sodium-potassium exchange mechanism. The antihypertensive mechanism of bendroflumethiazide is less well understood although it may be mediated through its action on carbonic anhydrases in the smooth muscle or through its action on the large-conductance calcium-activated potassium (KCa) channel, also found in the smooth muscle.
DCC0091	Ceftazidime	CAS:78439-06-2	C22H22N6O7S2	small molecule	approved	546.576	For the treatment of patients with infections caused by susceptible strains of organisms in the following diseases: lower respiratory tract infections,skin and skin structure infections, urinary tract infections, bacterial septicemia, bone and joint infections, gynecologic infections, intra abdominal infections (including peritonitis), and central nervous system infections (including meningitis).	Ceftazidime is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactam antibiotic for parenteral administration. Ceftazidime is bactericidal in action exerting its effect by inhibition of enzymes responsible for cell-wall synthesis, primarily penicillin binding protein 3 (PBP3). A wide range of gram-negative organisms is susceptible to ceftazidime in vitro, including strains resistant to gentamicin and other aminoglycosides. In addition, ceftazidime has been shown to be active against gram-positive organisms. It is highly stable to most clinically important beta-lactamases, plasmid or chromosomal, which are produced by both gram-negative and gram-positive organisms and, consequently, is active against many strains resistant to ampicillin and other cephalosporins. Ceftazidime has activity against the gram-negative organisms <i>Pseudomonas</i> and <i>Enterobacteriaceae</i>. Its activity against <i>Pseudomonas</i> is a distinguishing feature of ceftazidime among the cephalosporins.	The bactericidal activity of ceftazidime results from the inhibition of cell wall synthesis via affinity for penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs).
DCC0092	Cerivastatin	CAS:145599-86-6	C26H34FNO5	small molecule	withdrawn	459.5503	Used as an adjunct to diet for the reduction of elevated total and LDL cholesterol levels in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia (Fredrickson Types IIa and IIb) when the response to dietary restriction of saturated fat and cholesterol and other non-pharmacological measures alone has been inadequate.	Cerivastatin, a competitive HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor effective in lowering LDL cholesterol and triglycerides, is used to treat primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia (Fredrickson types IIa and IIb).	Cerivastatin competitively inhibits hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the hepatic enzyme responsible for converting HMG-CoA to mevalonate. As mevalonate is a precursor of sterols such as cholesterol, this results in a decrease in cholesterol in hepatic cells, upregulation of LDL-receptors, and an increase in hepatic uptake of LDL-cholesterol from the circulation.
DCC0093	Trimethoprim	CAS:738-70-5	C14H18N4O3	small molecule	approved	290.3177	"For the treatment of urinary tract infections, uncomplicated pyelonephritis (with sulfamethoxazole) and mild acute prostatitis. May be used as pericoital (with sulfamethoxazole) or continuous prophylaxis in females with recurrent cystitis. May be used as an alternative to treat asymptomatic bacteriuria during pregnancy (only before the last 6 weeks of pregnancy). Other uses include: alternative agent in respiratory tract infections (otitis, sinusitus, bronchitis and pneumonia), treatment of Pneumocystis jirovecii pneumonia (acute or prophylaxis), Nocardia infections, and traveller's diarrhea."	Trimethoprim is a pyrimidine analogue that disrupts folate synthesis, an essential part of the thymidine synthesis pathway. Inhibition of the enzyme starves the bacteria of nucleotides necessary for DNA replication.The drug, therefore, exhibits bactericidal activity.	"Trimethoprim binds to dihydrofolate reductase and inhibits the reduction of dihydrofolic acid (DHF) to tetrahydrofolic acid (THF). THF is an essential precursor in the thymidine synthesis pathway and interference with this pathway inhibits bacterial DNA synthesis. Trimethoprim's affinity for bacterial dihydrofolate reductase is several thousand times greater than its affinity for human dihydrofolate reductase. Sulfamethoxazole inhibits dihydrofolate synthetase (aka dihydropteroate synthetase), an enzyme involved further upstream in the same pathway. Trimethoprim and sulfamethoxazole are commonly used in combination due to their synergistic effects. This drug combination also reduces the development of resistance that is seen when either drug is used alone."
DCC0125	Toremifene	CAS:89778-26-7	C26H28ClNO	small molecule	approved	405.96	For the treatment of metastatic breast cancer in postmenopausal women with estrogen receptor-positive or receptor-unknown tumors. Toremifene is currently under investigation as a preventative agent for prostate cancer in men with high-grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia and no evidence of prostate cancer.	Toremifene is an antineoplastic hormonal agent primarily used in the treatment of advanced breast cancer. Toremifene is a nonsteroidal agent that has demonstrated potent antiestrogenic properties in animal test systems. The antiestrogenic effects may be related to its ability to compete with estrogen for binding sites in target tissues such as breast. Toremifene inhibits the induction of rat mammary carcinoma induced by dimethylbenzanthracene (DMBA) and causes the regression of already established DMBA-induced tumors. In this rat model, Toremifene appears to exert its antitumor effects by binding the estrogen receptors. In cytosols derived from human breast adenocarcinomas, Toremifene competes with estradiol for estrogen receptor protein.	Toremifene is a nonsteroidal triphenylethylene derivative. Toremifene binds to estrogen receptors and may exert estrogenic, antiestrogenic, or both activities, depending upon the duration of treatment, animal species, gender, target organ, or endpoint selected. The antitumor effect of toremifene in breast cancer is believed to be mainly due to its antiestrogenic effects, in other words, its ability to compete with estrogen for binding sites in the cancer, blocking the growth-stimulating effects of estrogen in the tumor. Toremifene may also inhibit tumor growth through other mechanisms, such as induction of apoptosis, regulation of oncogene expression, and growth factors.
DCC1191	Pravastatin	CAS:81093-37-0	C23H36O7	small molecule	approved	424.5277	For the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.	The primary cause of cardiovascular (CV) disease is atherosclerotic plaque formation and sustained elevation of cholesterol in the blood increases the risk of CV disease. Pravastatin lowers hepatic production of cholesterol by competitively inhibiting HMG-CoA reductase, the enzyme that catalyzes the rate-limiting step in the cholesterol biosynthesis pathway via the mevalonic acid pathway. Decreased hepatic cholesterol levels causes increased uptake of low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and reduces cholesterol levels in the circulation. Pravastatin also inhibits hepatic synthesis if VLDL. At therapeutic doses, pravastatin lowers LDL cholesterol by 20-30%, increase high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol by 3-10%, and decrease plasma triglycerides by 19-34%. HDL cholesterol is thought to confer protective effects against CV disease, whereas high LDL and triglyceride levels are associated with higher risk of disease.	Pravastatin is structurally similar to the HMG, a substituent of the endogenous substrate of HMG-CoA reductase. Unlike its parent compound, mevastatin, and statins such as lovastatin and simvastatin, pravastatin does not need to be activated <i>in vivo</i>. Its hydrolyzed lactone ring mimics the tetrahedral intermediate produced by the reductase allowing the agent to bind with a much greater affinity than its natural substrate. The bicyclic portion of pravastatin binds to the coenzyme A portion of the active site. Pravastatin sodium produces its lipid-lowering effect in two ways. First, as a consequence of its reversible inhibition of HMG-CoA reductase activity, it effects modest reductions in intracellular pools of cholesterol. This results in an increase in the number of LDL-receptors on cell surfaces and enhanced receptor-mediated catabolism and clearance of circulating LDL. Second, pravastatin inhibits LDL production by inhibiting hepatic synthesis of VLDL, the LDL precursor.
DCC1194	Amphetamine	CAS:300-62-9	C9H13N	small molecule	approved	135.2062	For treatment of Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity (ADDH) and narcolepsy in children.	Amphetamine and dextroamphetamine, non-catechloamine sypathomimetic agents, are used in combination to treat attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) or narcolepsy. Adderall consists of equivalent amounts of amphetamine aspartate, amphetamine sulfate, dextroamphetamine saccharate, and dextroamphetamine sulfate.	Amphetamines stimulate the release of norepinephrine from central adrenergic receptors. At higher dosages, they cause release of dopamine from the mesocorticolimbic system and the nigrostriatal dopamine systems. Amphetamine may also act as a direct agonist on central 5-HT receptors and may inhibit monoamine oxidase (MAO). In the periphery, amphetamines are believed to cause the release of noradrenaline by acting on the adrenergic nerve terminals and alpha- and beta-receptors. Modulation of serotonergic pathways may contribute to the calming affect. The drug interacts with VMAT enzymes to enhance release of DA and 5-HT from vesicles. It may also directly cause the reversal of DAT and SERT.
DCC1197	Lorazepam	CAS:846-49-1	C15H10Cl2N2O2	small molecule	approved	321.158	For the management of anxiety disorders, and for treatment of status epilepticus.	Lorazepam, a benzodiazepine not transformed to active metabolites, is used to treat anxiety, status epilepticus, and for sedation induction and anterograde amnesia.	Lorazepam binds to an allosteric site on GABA-A receptors, which are pentameric ionotropic receptors in the CNS. Binding potentiates the effects of the inhibitory neurotransmitter GABA, which upon binding opens the chloride channel in the receptor, allowing chloride influx and causing hyperpolerization of the neuron.
DCC1199	Phentermine	CAS:122-09-8	C10H15N	small molecule	approved	149.2328	For the treatment and management of obesity.	Phentermine is indicated in the management of exogenous obesity as a short term (a few weeks) adjunct in a regimen of weight reduction based on caloric restriction. Phentermine hydrochloride is a sympathomimetic amine with pharmacologic activity similar to the prototype drugs of this class used in obesity, the amphetamines. Actions include central nervous system stimulation and elevation of blood pressure. Tachyphylaxis and tolerance have been demonstrated with all drugs of this class in which these phenomena have been looked for.	Phentermine is an amphetamine that stimulates neurons to release or maintain high levels of a particular group of neurotransmitters known as catecholamines; these include dopamine and norepinephrine. High levels of these catecholamines tend to suppress hunger signals and appetite. The drug seems to inhibit reuptake of noradrenaline, dopamine, and seratonin through inhibition or reversal of the reuptake transporters. It may also inhibit MAO enzymes leaving more neurotransmitter available at the synapse.Phentermine (through catecholamine elevation) may also indirectly affect leptin levels in the brain. It is theorized that phentermine can raise levels of leptin which signal satiety. It is also theorized that increased levels of the catecholamines are partially responsible for halting another chemical messenger known as neuropeptide Y. This peptide initiates eating, decreases energy expenditure, and increases fat storage.
DCC1200	Fluconazole	CAS:86386-73-4	C13H12F2N6O	small molecule	approved	306.2708	For the treatment of fungal infections.	Fluconazole, a synthetic antifungal agent of the imidazole class, is used to treat vaginal candidiasis. It inhibits the fungal lanosterol 14 alpha-demethylase which thereby prevents the formation of ergosterol which is an essential component in the fungal cell membrane.	Fluconazole interacts with 14-alpha demethylase, a cytochrome P-450 enzyme necessary to convert lanosterol to ergosterol. As ergosterol is an essential component of the fungal cell membrane, inhibition of its synthesis results in increased cellular permeability causing leakage of cellular contents. Fluconazole may also inhibit endogenous respiration, interact with membrane phospholipids, inhibit the transformation of yeasts to mycelial forms, inhibit purine uptake, and impair triglyceride and/or phospholipid biosynthesis.
DCC1260	Mirtazapine	CAS:61337-67-5	C17H19N3	small molecule	approved	265.3529	For the treatment of major depressive disorder.	Mirtazapine, an antidepressant of the piperazinoazepine class, is a tetracyclic compound with an anxiolytic effect. Mirtazapine has fewer ADRs than tricyclic antidepressants and is better tolerated. Selective blockade of specific serotonin receptors by mirtazapine likey minimizes side effects typical of other antidepressants.	Mirtazapine acts as an antagonist at central pre-synaptic alpha(2)-receptors, inhibiting negative feedback to the presynaptic nerve and causing an increase in NE release. Blockade of heteroreceptors, alpha(2)-receptors contained in serotenergic neurons, enhances the release of 5-HT, increasing the interactions between 5-HT and 5-HT<sub>1</sub> receptors and contributing to the anxiolytic effects of mirtazapine. Mirtazapine also acts as a weak antagonist at 5-HT<sub>1</sub> receptors and as a potent antagonist at 5-HT<sub>2</sub> (particularly subtypes 2A and 2C) and 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptors. Blockade of these receptors may explain the lower incidence of adverse effects such as anxiety, insomnia, and nausea. Mirtazapine also exhibits significant antagonism at H1-receptors, resulting in sedation. Mirtazapine has no effects on the reuptake of either NE or 5-HT and has only minimal activity at dopaminergic and muscarinic receptors.
DCC1262	Palonosetron	CAS:119904-90-4	C19H24N2O	small molecule	approved	296.4067	For the prevention of acute and delayed nausea and vomiting associated with initial and repeat courses of moderately emetogenic cancer chemotherapy, as well as prevention of acute nausea and vomiting associated with highly emetogenic cancer chemotherapy. Also used for the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting for up to 24 hours post operation.	Palonosetron is an antinauseant and antiemetic agent indicated for the prevention of nausea and vomiting associated with moderately-emetogenic cancer chemotherapy and for the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting. Palonosetron is a highly specific and selective serotonin 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptor antagonist that is pharmacologically related to other 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptor antagonists, but differs structurally. Palonosetron has a high affinity for 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptors, but has little to no affinity for other receptors. The serontonin 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptors are located on the nerve terminals of the vagus in the periphery, and centrally in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema. It is suggested that chemotherapeutic agents release serotonin from the enterochromaffin cells of the small intestine by causing degenerative changes in the GI tract. The serotonin then stimulates the vagal and splanchnic nerve receptors that project to the medullary vomiting center, as well as the 5-HT3 receptors in the area postrema, thus initiating the vomiting reflex, causing nausea and vomiting.	"Palonosetron is a selective serotonin 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptor antagonist. The antiemetic activity of the drug is brought about through the inhibition of 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptors present both centrally (medullary chemoreceptor zone) and peripherally (GI tract). This inhibition of 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptors in turn inhibits the visceral afferent stimulation of the vomiting center, likely indirectly at the level of the area postrema, as well as through direct inhibition of serotonin activity within the area postrema and the chemoreceptor trigger zone. Alternative mechanisms appear to be primarily responsible for delayed nausea and vomiting induced by emetogenic chemotherapy, since similar temporal relationships between between serotonin and emesis beyond the first day after a dose have not been established, and 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptor antagonists generally have not appeared to be effective alone in preventing or ameliorating delayed effects. It has been hypothesized that palonosetron's potency and long plasma half-life may contribute to its observed efficacy in preventing delayed nausea and vomiting caused by moderately emetogenic cancer chemotherapy."
DCC1267	Progestrone	CAS:57-83-0	C21H30O2	small molecule	approved	314.4617	For progesterone supplementation or replacement as part of an Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) treatment for infertile women with progesterone deficiency and for the treatment of secondary amenorrhea. Also used for the reduction of the incidence of endometrial hyperplasia and the attendant risk of endometrial carcinoma in postmenopausal women receiving estrogen replacement therapy, as well as treatment of abnormal uterine bleeding due to hormonal imbalance in the absence of organic pathology such as fibroids or uterine cancer.	"Progesterone is a naturally occuring progestin or a synthetic form of the naturally occurring female sex hormone, progesterone. In a woman's normal menstrual cycle, an egg matures and is released from the ovaries (ovulation). The ovary then produces progesterone, preventing the release of further eggs and priming the lining of the womb for a possible pregnancy. If pregnancy occurs, progesterone levels in the body remain high, maintaining the womb lining. If pregnancy does not occur, progesterone levels in the body fall, resulting in a menstrual period. Progesterone tricks the body processes into thinking that ovulation has already occurred by maintaining high levels of the synthetic progesterone. This prevents the release of eggs from the ovaries."	Progesterone shares the pharmacological actions of the progestins. Progesterone binds to the progesterone and estrogen receptors. Target cells include the female reproductive tract, the mammary gland, the hypothalamus, and the pituitary. Once bound to the receptor, progestins like Progesterone will slow the frequency of release of gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) from the hypothalamus and blunt the pre-ovulatory LH (luteinizing hormone) surge. In women who have adequate endogenous estrogen, progesterone transforms a proliferative endometrium into a secretory one. Progesterone is essential for the development of decidual tissue and is necessary to increase endometrial receptivity for implantation of an embryo. Once an embryo has been implanted, progesterone acts to maintain the pregnancy. Progesterone also stimulates the growth of mammary alveolar tissue and relaxes uterine smooth muscle. It has little estrogenic and androgenic activity.
DCC1355	Moexipril	CAS:103775-10-6	C27H34N2O7	small molecule	approved	498.5681	For the treatment of hypertension.	Moexipril is a non-sulfhydryl containing precursor of the active angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor moexiprilat. It is used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). It works by relaxing blood vessels, causing them to widen. Lowering high blood pressure helps prevent strokes, heart attacks and kidney problems.	Moexipril is a prodrug for moexiprilat, which inhibits ACE in humans and animals. The mechanism through which moexiprilat lowers blood pressure is believed to be primarily inhibition of ACE activity. ACE is a peptidyl dipeptidase that catalyzes the conversion of the inactive decapeptide angiotensin I to the vasoconstrictor substance angiotensin II. Angiotensin II is a potent peripheral vasoconstrictor that also stimulates aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex and provides negative feedback on renin secretion. ACE is identical to kininase II, an enzyme that degrades bradykinin, an endothelium-dependent vasodilator. Moexiprilat is about 1000 times as potent as moexipril in inhibiting ACE and kininase II. Inhibition of ACE results in decreased angiotensin II formation, leading to decreased vasoconstriction, increased plasma renin activity, and decreased aldosterone secretion. The latter results in diuresis and natriuresis and a small increase in serum potassium concentration (mean increases of about 0.25 mEq/L were seen when moexipril was used alone). Whether increased levels of bradykinin, a potent vasodepressor peptide, play a role in the therapeutic effects of moexipril remains to be elucidated. Although the principal mechanism of moexipril in blood pressure reduction is believed to be through the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, ACE inhibitors have some effect on blood pressure even in apparent low-renin hypertension.
DCC1356	Phentolamine	CAS:50-60-2	C17H19N3O	small molecule	approved	281.3523	Used as an aid for the diagnosis of pheochromocytoma, and may be administered immediately prior to or during pheochromocytomectomy to prevent or control paroxysmal hypertension resulting from anesthesia, stress, or operative manipulation of the tumor. Phentolamine has also been used to treat hypertensive crisis caused by sympathomimetic amines or catecholamine excess by certain foods or drugs in patients taking MAO inhibitors, or by clonidine withdrawal syndrome. Other indications include the prevention of dermal necrosis and sloughing following IV administration or extravasation of norepinephrine, decrease in impedance to left ventricular ejection and the infarct size in patients with MI associated with left ventricular failure, treatment of erectile dysfunction through self-injection of small doses combined with papaverine hydrochloride into the corpus cavernosum, and as an adjunct to the management of cocaine overdose to reverse coronary vasoconstriction following use of oxygen, benzodiazepines,and nitroglycerin.	Phentolamine is indicated for the control of episodes of hypertension and sweating that occur with a disease called pheochromocytoma. If tachycardia is excessive, it may be necessary to use a beta-blocking agent concomitantly. Phentolamine is a long-acting, adrenergic, alpha-receptor blocking agent which can produce and maintain chemical sympathectomy by oral administration. It increases blood flow to the skin, mucosa and abdominal viscera, and lowers both supine and erect blood pressures. It has no effect on the parasympathetic system. Phentolamine works by blocking alpha receptors in certain parts of the body. Alpha receptors are present in the muscle that lines the walls of blood vessels. When the receptors are blocked by Phentolamine, the muscle relaxes and the blood vessels widen. This widening of the blood vessels results in a lowering of blood pressure.	Phentolamine produces its therapeutic actions by competitively blocking alpha-adrenergic receptors (primarily excitatory responses of smooth muscle and exocrine glands), leading to a muscle relaxation and a widening of the blood vessels. This widening of the blood vessels results in a lowering of blood pressure. The action of phentolamine on the alpha adrenergic receptors is relatively transient and the blocking effect is incomplete. The drug is more effective in antagonizing responses to circulating epinephrine and/or norepinephrine than in antagonizing responses to mediator released at the adrenergic nerve ending. Phentolamine also stimulates ¿_-adrenergic receptors and produces a positive inotropic and chronotropic effect on the heart and increases cardiac output.
DCC1357	Daunorubicin	CAS:20830-81-3	C27H29NO10	small molecule	approved	527.5199	For remission induction in acute nonlymphocytic leukemia (myelogenous, monocytic, erythroid) of adults and for remission induction in acute lymphocytic leukemia of children and adults.	Daunorubicin is an antineoplastic in the anthracycline class. General properties of drugs in this class include: interaction with DNA in a variety of different ways including intercalation (squeezing between the base pairs), DNA strand breakage and inhibition with the enzyme topoisomerase II. Most of these compounds have been isolated from natural sources and antibiotics. However, they lack the specificity of the antimicrobial antibiotics and thus produce significant toxicity. The anthracyclines are among the most important antitumor drugs available. Doxorubicin is widely used for the treatment of several solid tumors while daunorubicin and idarubicin are used exclusively for the treatment of leukemia. Daunorubicin may also inhibit polymerase activity, affect regulation of gene expression, and produce free radical damage to DNA. Daunorubicin possesses an antitumor effect against a wide spectrum of tumors, either grafted or spontaneous. The anthracyclines are cell cycle-nonspecific.	Daunorubicin has antimitotic and cytotoxic activity through a number of proposed mechanisms of action: Daunorubicin forms complexes with DNA by intercalation between base pairs, and it inhibits topoisomerase II activity by stabilizing the DNA-topoisomerase II complex, preventing the religation portion of the ligation-religation reaction that topoisomerase II catalyzes.
DCC1417	Dacarbazine	CAS:4342-03-4	C6H10N6O	small molecule	approved	182.1832	"For the treatment of metastatic malignant melanoma. In addition, dacarbazine is also indicated for Hodgkin's disease as a secondary-line therapy when used in combination with other antineoplastic agents."	Dacarbazine is a synthetic analog of naturally occurring purine precursor 5-amino-1H-imidazole-4-carboxamide (AIC). After intravenous administration of dacarbazine, the volume of distribution exceeds total body water content suggesting localization in some body tissue, probably the liver. Its disappearance from the plasma is biphasic with initial half-life of 19 minutes and a terminal half-life of 5 hours. 1 In a patient with renal and hepatic dysfunctions, the half-lives were lengthened to 55 minutes and 7.2 hours. 1 The average cumulative excretion of unchanged DTIC in the urine is 40% of the injected dose in 6 hours. 1 DTIC is subject to renal tubular secretion rather than glomerular filtration. At therapeutic concentrations dacarbazine is not appreciably bound to human plasma protein.	The mechanism of action is not known, but appears to exert cytotoxic effects via its action as an alkylating agent. Other theories include DNA synthesis inhibition by its action as a purine analog, and interaction with SH groups. Dacarbazine is not cell cycle-phase specific.
DCC1422	Terbutaline	CAS:23031-25-6	C12H19NO3	small molecule	approved	225.2842	For the prevention and reversal of bronchospasm in patients 12 years of age and older with reversible, obstructive airway disease, as well as symptomatic management of reversible bronchospasm associated with bronchitis and emphysema. Also used acute IV and sub-Q therapy in selected women to inhibit uterine contractions in preterm labor (tocolysis) and prolong gestation when beneficial.	Terbutaline is a relatively selective beta2-adrenergic bronchodilator that has little or no effect on alpha-adrenergic receptors. The drug has exerts a preferential effect on beta2-adrenergic receptors but stimulates beta-adrenergic receptors less selectively than relatively selective beta2-agonists. Terbutaline appears to have a greater stimulating effect on beta-receptors of the bronchial, vascular, and uterine smooth muscles (beta2 receptors) than on the beta-receptors of the heart (beta1 receptors). This drug relaxes smooth muscle and inhibits uterine contractions, but may also cause some cardiostimulatory effects and CNS stimulation.	"The pharmacologic effects of terbutaline are at least in part attributable to stimulation through beta-adrenergic receptors of intracellular adenyl cyclase, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic- 3',5'- adenosine monophosphate (c-AMP). Increased c-AMP levels are associated with relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and inhibition of release of mediators of immediate hypersensitivity from cells, especially from mast cells."
DCC1412	Dobutamine	CAS:34368-04-2	C18H23NO3	small molecule	approved	301.3801	For inotropic support in the short- term treatment of patients with cardiac decompensation due to depressed contractility resulting either from organic heart disease or from cardiac surgical procedures	Dobutamine is a direct-acting inotropic agent whose primary activity results from stimulation of the beta-adrenoceptors of the heart while producing comparatively mild chronotropic, hypertensive, arrhythmogenic, and vasodilative effects. Dobutamine acts primarily on beta-1 adrenergic receptors, with little effect on beta-2 or alpha receptors. It does not cause the release of endogenous norepinephrine, as does dopamine. Dobutamine is indicated when parenteral therapy is necessary for inotropic support in the short-term treatment of patients with cardiac decompensation due to depressed contractility resulting either from organic heart disease or from cardiac surgical procedures.	Dobutamine directly stimulates beta-1 receptors of the heart to increase myocardial contractility and stroke volume, resulting in increased cardiac output.
DCC1414	Donepezil	CAS:120014-06-4	C24H29NO3	small molecule	approved	379.492	"For the palliative treatment of mild to moderate dementia of the Alzheimer's type."	"Donepezil is a centrally acting reversible acetyl cholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease where it is used to increase cortical acetylcholine. An early pathophysiological feature of Alzheimer's disease that is associated with memory loss and cognitive deficits is a deficiency of acetylcholine as a result of selective loss of cholinergic neurons in the cerebral cortex, nucleus basalis, and hippocampus. Donepezil is postulated to exert its therapeutic effect by enhancing cholinergic function. This is accomplished by increasing the concentration of acetylcholine through reversible inhibition of its hydrolysis by acetylcholinesterase. If this proposed mechanism of action is correct, donepezil's effect may lessen as the disease progresses and fewer cholinergic neurons remain functionally intact. There is no evidence that donepezil alters the course of the underlying dementing process."	"Donepezil is a piperidine derivative that is a centerally active, reversible inhibitor of acetylcholinesterase. This drug is structurally unrelated to other anticholinesterase agents. Donepezil's proposed mechanism of action involves the reversible inhibition of cholinesterases (eg. acetylcholinesterase), which prevents the hydrolysis of acetycholine, and leads to an increased concentration of acetylcholine at cholinergic synapses. Evidence suggests that the anticholinesterase activity of donepezil is relatively specific for acetylcholinesterase in the brain."
DCC1203	Ticlopidine	CAS:55142-85-3	C14H14ClNS	small molecule	approved	263.786	Used in patients, who have had a stroke or stroke precursors and who cannot take aspirin or aspirin has not worked, to try to prevent another thrombotic stroke.	Ticlopidine is a prodrug that is metabolised to an as yet undetermined metabolite that acts as a platelet aggregation inhibitor. Inhibition of platelet aggregation causes a prolongation of bleeding time. In its prodrug form, ticlopidine has no significant in vitro activity at the concentrations attained in vivo.	The active metabolite of ticlopidine prevents binding of adenosine diphosphate (ADP) to its platelet receptor, impairing the ADP-mediated activation of the glycoprotein GPIIb/IIIa complex. It is proposed that the inhibition involves a defect in the mobilization from the storage sites of the platelet granules to the outer membrane. No direct interference occurs with the GPIIb/IIIa receptor. As the glycoprotein GPIIb/IIIa complex is the major receptor for fibrinogen, its impaired activation prevents fibrinogen binding to platelets and inhibits platelet aggregation. By blocking the amplification of platelet activation by released ADP, platelet aggregation induced by agonists other than ADP is also inhibited by the active metabolite of ticlopidine.
DCC1424	Clomifene	CAS:911-45-5	C26H28ClNO	small molecule	approved	405.96	Used mainly in female infertility due to anovulation (e.g. due to polycystic ovary syndrome) to induce ovulation.	Clomifene (previously clomiphene) is an orally administered, non steroidal, ovulatory stimulant that acts as a selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). Clomifene can lead to multiple ovulation, and hence increase the risk of conceiving twins. In comparison to purified FSH, the rate of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome is low. There may be an increased risk of ovarian cancer and weight gain. Clomifene is capable of interacting with estrogen-receptor-containing tissues, including the hypothalamus, pituitary, ovary, endometrium, vagina, and cervix. It may compete with estrogen for estrogen-receptor-binding sites and may delay replenishment of intracellular estrogen receptors. Clomifene initiates a series of endocrine events culminating in a preovulatory gonadotropin surge and subsequent follicular rupture. The first endocrine event, in response to a course of clomifene therapy, is an increase in the release of pituitary gonadotropins. This initiates steroidogenesis and folliculogenesis resulting in growth of the ovarian follicle and an increase in the circulating level of estradiol. Following ovulation, plasma progesterone and estradiol rise and fall as they would in a normal ovulatory cycle.	Clomifene has both estrogenic and anti-estrogenic properties, but its precise mechanism of action has not been determined. Clomifene appears to stumulate the release of gonadotropins, follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), and leuteinizing hormone (LH), which leads to the development and maturation of ovarian follicle, ovulation, and subsequent development and function of the coprus luteum, thus resulting in pregnancy. Gonadotropin release may result from direct stimulation of the hypothalamic-pituitary axis or from a decreased inhibitory influence of estrogens on the hypothalamic-pituitary axis by competing with the endogenous estrogens of the uterus, pituitary, or hypothalamus. Clomifene has no apparent progestational, androgenic, or antrandrogenic effects and does not appear to interfere with pituitary-adrenal or pituitary-thyroid function.
DCC1425	Risedronate	CAS:105462-24-6	C7H11NO7P2	small molecule	approved	283.1123	"For the treatment of Paget's disease of the bone (osteitis deformans), postmenopausal and glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis"	Risedronate is a pyridinyl bisphosphonate that inhibits osteoclast-mediated bone resorption and modulates bone metabolism and is indicated for the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.	The action of risedronate on bone tissue is based partly on its affinity for hydroxyapatite, which is part of the mineral matrix of bone. Risedronate also targets farnesyl pyrophosphate (FPP) synthase. Nitrogen-containing bisphosphonates (such as pamidronate, alendronate, risedronate, ibandronate and zoledronate) appear to act as analogues of isoprenoid diphosphate lipids, thereby inhibiting FPP synthase, an enzyme in the mevalonate pathway. Inhibition of this enzyme in osteoclasts prevents the biosynthesis of isoprenoid lipids (FPP and GGPP) that are essential for the post-translational farnesylation and geranylgeranylation of small GTPase signalling proteins. This activity inhibits osteoclast activity and reduces bone resorption and turnover. In postmenopausal women, it reduces the elevated rate of bone turnover, leading to, on average, a net gain in bone mass.
DCC1427	Granisetron	CAS:109889-09-0	C18H24N4O	small molecule	approved	312.4094	For the prevention of nausea and vomiting associated with initial and repeat courses of emetogenic cancer therapy (including high dose cisplatin), postoperation, and radiation (including total body irradiation and daily fractionated abdominal radiation).	Granisetron is a selective inhibitor of type 3 serotonergic (5-HT<sub>3</sub>) receptors. Granisetron has little or no affinity for other serotonin receptors, including 5-HT 1 , 5-HT 1A , 5-HT 1B/C , or 5-HT 2 ; for alpha 1 -, alpha 2 -, or beta-adrenoreceptors; for dopamine D 2 receptors; for histamine H 1 receptors; for benzodiazepine receptors; for picrotoxin receptors; or for opioid receptors. In most human studies, granisetron has had little effect on blood pressure, heart rate, or electrocardiogram (ECG). The drug is structurally and pharmacologically related to ondansetron, another selective inhibitor of 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptors. The serontonin 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptors are located on the nerve terminals of the vagus in the periphery, and centrally in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema. The temporal relationship between the emetogenic action of emetogenic drugs and the release of serotonin, as well as the efficacy of antiemetic agents suggest that chemotherapeutic agents release serotonin from the enterochromaffin cells of the small intestine by causing degenerative changes in the GI tract. The serotonin then stimulates the vagal and splanchnic nerve receptors that project to the medullary vomiting center, as well as the 5-HT3 receptors in the area postrema, thus initiating the vomiting reflex, causing nausea and vomiting.	Granisetron is a potent, selective antagonist of 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptors. The antiemetic activity of the drug is brought about through the inhibition of 5-HT3 receptors present both centrally (medullary chemoreceptor zone) and peripherally (GI tract). This inhibition of 5-HT3 receptors in turn inhibits the visceral afferent stimulation of the vomiting center, likely indirectly at the level of the area postrema, as well as through direct inhibition of serotonin activity within the area postrema and the chemoreceptor trigger zone.
DCC1273	Methylphenidate	CAS:113-45-1	C14H19NO2	small molecule	approved	233.3062	For use as an integral part of a total treatment program which typically includes other remedial measures (psychological, educational, social) for a stabilizing effect in children with a behavioral syndrome characterized by the following group of developmentally inappropriate symptoms: moderate-to-severe distractibility, short attention span, hyperactivity, emotional lability, and impulsivity.	Methylphenidate is a central nervous system stimulant used most commonly in the treatment of attention-deficit disorders in children and for narcolepsy. Methylphenidate also blocks the reuptake of norepinephrine and dopamine. Its mechanisms appear to be similar to those of dextroamphetamine.  Furthermore, it is a racemic mixture comprised of the d- and l-threo enantiomers. The d-threo enantiomer is more pharmacologically active than the l-threo enantiomer.	Methylphenidate blocks dopamine uptake in central adrenergic neurons by blocking dopamine transport or carrier proteins. Methylphenidate acts at the brain stem arousal system and the cerebral cortex and causes increased sympathomimetic activity in the central nervous system. Alteration of serotonergic pathways via changes in dopamine transport may result.
DCC1432	Remifentanil	CAS:132875-61-7	C20H28N2O5	small molecule	approved	376.4467	For use during the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia.	Remifentanil is an opioid agonist with rapid onset and peak effect and ultra-short duration of action. The opioid activity of remifentanil is antagonized by opioid antagonists such as naloxone. The analgesic effects of remifentanil are rapid in onset and offset. Its effects and side effects are dose dependent and similar to other opioids. Remifentanil in humans has a rapid blood-brain equilibration half-time of 1 &plusmn; 1 minutes (mean &plusmn; SD) and a rapid onset of action.	Remifentanil is a &micro;-opioid agonist with rapid onset and peak effect, and short duration of action. The &micro;-opioid activity of remifentanil is antagonized by opioid antagonists such as naloxone.
DCC1433	Ethacrynic acid	CAS:58-54-8	C13H12Cl2O4	small molecule	approved	303.138	For the treatment of high blood pressure and edema caused by diseases like congestive heart failure, liver failure, and kidney failure.	Ethacrynic acid is a monosulfonamyl loop or high ceiling diuretic. Ethacrynic acid acts on the ascending limb of the loop of Henle and on the proximal and distal tubules. Urinary output is usually dose dependent and related to the magnitude of fluid accumulation. Water and electrolyte excretion may be increased several times over that observed with thiazide diuretics, since ethacrynic acid inhibits reabsorption of a much greater proportion of filtered sodium than most other diuretic agents. Therefore, ethacrynic acid is effective in many patients who have significant degrees of renal insufficiency. Ethacrynic acid has little or no effect on glomerular filtration or on renal blood flow, except following pronounced reductions in plasma volume when associated with rapid diuresis.	Ethacrynic acid inhibits symport of sodium, potassium, and chloride primarily in the ascending limb of Henle, but also in the proximal and distal tubules. This pharmacological action results in excretion of these ions, increased urinary output, and reduction in extracellular fluid. Diuretics also lower blood pressure initially by reducing plasma and extracellular fluid volume; cardiac output also decreases, explaining its antihypertensive action. Eventually, cardiac output returns to normal with an accompanying decrease in peripheral resistance. Its mode of action does not involve carbonic anhydrase inhibition.
DCC1434	Ondansetron	CAS:99614-02-5	C18H19N3O	small molecule	approved	293.363	For the prevention of nausea and vomiting associated with emetogenic cancer chemotherapy, postoperation, and radiation. Also used for the treatment of postoperative nausea and vomiting.	Ondansetron is a highly specific and selective serotonin 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptor antagonist, not shown to have activity at other known serotonin receptors and with low affinity for dopamine receptors. The serontonin 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptors are located on the nerve terminals of the vagus in the periphery, and centrally in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema. The temporal relationship between the emetogenic action of emetogenic drugs and the release of serotonin, as well as the efficacy of antiemetic agents suggest that chemotherapeutic agents release serotonin from the enterochromaffin cells of the small intestine by causing degenerative changes in the GI tract. The serotonin then stimulates the vagal and splanchnic nerve receptors that project to the medullary vomiting center, as well as the 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptors in the area postrema, thus initiating the vomiting reflex, causing nausea and vomiting.	Ondansetron is a selective serotonin 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptor antagonist. The antiemetic activity of the drug is brought about through the inhibition of 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptors present both centrally (medullary chemoreceptor zone) and peripherally (GI tract). This inhibition of 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptors in turn inhibits the visceral afferent stimulation of the vomiting center, likely indirectly at the level of the area postrema, as well as through direct inhibition of serotonin activity within the area postrema and the chemoreceptor trigger zone.
DCC1436	Zonisamide	CAS:68291-97-4	C8H8N2O3S	small molecule	approved	212.226	For use as adjunctive treatment of partial seizures in adults with epilepsy.	Zonisamide is an antiseizure drug chemically classified as a sulfonamide and unrelated to other antiseizure agents. The precise mechanism by which zonisamide exerts its antiseizure effect is unknown, although it is believed that the drug blocks sodium and calcium channels, which leads to the suppression of neuronal hypersynchronization (i.e. convulsions). Sonisamide has also been found to potentiate dopaminergic and serotonergic neurotransmission but does not appear to potentiate syanptic activity by GABA (gamma amino butyric acid).	"Zonisamide binds to sodium channels and voltage sensitive calcium channels, which suppresses neuronal depolarization and hypersynchronization. Zonisamide also inhibits carbonic anhydrase to a weaker extent, but such an effect is not thought to contribute substantially to the drug's anticonvulsant activity."
DCC1361	Tamsulosin	CAS:106133-20-4	C20H28N2O5S	small molecule	approved	408.512	Used in the treatment of signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (reduction in urinary obstruction and relief of associated manifestations such as hesitancy, terminal dribbling of urine, interrupted or weak stream...etc.)	Tamsulosin, a sulfamoylphenethylamine-derivative alpha-adrenoceptor blocker with enhanced specificity for the alpha-adrenoceptors of the prostate, is commonly used to treat benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). The drug is commercially available in a racemic mixture of 2 isomers, and is pharmacologically related to doxazocin, prazosin, and terazosin. However, unlike these drugs, tamsulosin has a higher affinity for the alpha-1A- adrenergic receptors, which are located in vascular smooth muscle. Studies show that tamsulosin has about 12 times greater affinity for alpha-1 adrenergic receptors in the prostate than those in the aorta, which may result in a reduced incidence of adverse cardiovascular effects.	Tamsulosin is a selective antagonist at alpha-1A and alpha-1B-adrenoceptors in the prostate, prostatic capsule, prostatic urethra, and bladder neck. At least three discrete alpha1-adrenoceptor subtypes have been identified: alpha-1A, alpha-1B and alpha-1D; their distribution differs between human organs and tissue. Approximately 70% of the alpha1-receptors in human prostate are of the alpha-1A subtype. Blockage of these receptors causes relaxation of smooth muscles in the bladder neck and prostate, and thus decreases urinary outflow resistance in men.
DCC1446	Oxymetazoline	CAS:1491-59-4	C16H24N2O	small molecule	approved	260.3746	For treatment of nasal congestion and redness associated with minor irritations of the eye	"Oxymetazoline a adrenergic alpha-agonists, direct acting sympathomimetic used as a vasoconstrictor to relieve nasal congestion The sympathomimetic action of oxymetazoline constricts the smaller arterioles of the nasal passages, producing a prolonged (up to 12 hours), gentle and decongesting effect. Oxymetazoline elicits relief of conjunctival hyperemia by causing vasoconstriction of superficial conjunctival blood vessels. The drug's action has been demonstrated in acute allergic conjunctivitis and in chemical (chloride) conjunctivitis."	Oxymetazoline is a direct acting sympathomimetic amine, which acts on alpha-adrenergic receptors in the arterioles of the conjunctiva and nasal mucosa. It produces vasoconstriction, resulting in decreased conjunctival congestion in ophthalmic. In nasal it produces constriction, resulting in decreased blood flow and decreased nasal congestion.
DCC1450	Fulvestrant	CAS:129453-61-8	C32H47F5O3S	small molecule	approved	606.771	For the treatment of hormone receptor positive metastatic breast cancer in postmenopausal women with disease progression following anti-estrogen therapy.	Fulvestrant for intramuscular administration is an estrogen receptor antagonist without known agonist effects.	Fulvestrant competitively and reversibly binds to estrogen receptors present in cancer cells and achieves its anti-estrogen effects through two separate mechanisms. First, fulvestrant binds to the receptors and downregulates them so that estrogen is no longer able to bind to these receptors. Second, fulvestrant degrades the estrogen receptors to which it is bound. Both of these mechanisms inhibit the growth of tamoxifen-resistant as well as estrogen-sensitive human breast cancer cell lines.
DCC1453	Netilmicin	CAS:56391-56-1	C21H41N5O7	small molecule	approved	475.5795	For the treatment of bacteremia, septicaemia, respiratory tract infections, skin and soft-tissue infection, burns, wounds, and peri-operative infections caused by susceptible strains.	Netilmicin is a semisynthetic, water soluble antibiotic of the aminoglycoside group, produced by the fermentation of Micromonospora inyoensis, a species of actinomycete. Aminoglycosides are useful primarily in infections involving aerobic, Gram-negative bacteria, such as Pseudomonas, Acinetobacter, and Enterobacter. It is active at low concentrations against a wide variety of pathogenic bacteria including <i>Escherichia coli</i>, bacteria of the <i>Klebsiella-Enterobacter-Serratia </i>group, <i>Citrobacter </i>sp., <i>Proteus </i>sp. (indole-positive and indole-negative), including <i>Proteus mirabilis</i>, <i>P. morganii, P. rettgrei, P. vulgaris, Pseudomonas aeruginosa </i>and <i>Neisseria gonorrhoea</i>. Netilmicin is also active <i>in vitro </i>against isolates of <i>Hemophilus influenzae, Salmonella </i>sp., <i>Shigella </i>sp. and against penicillinase and non-penicillinase-producing <i>Staphylococcus </i>including methicillin-resistant strains. Some strains of <i>Providencia </i>sp., <i>Acinetobacter </i>sp. and <i>Aeromonas </i>sp. are also sensitive to netilmicin. Many strains of the above organisms which are found to be resistant to other aminoglycosides, such as kanamycin, gentamicin, tobramycin and sisomicin, are susceptible to netilmicin <i>in vitro</i>. Occasionally, strains have been identified which are resistant to amikacin but susceptible to netilmicin. The combination of netilmicin and penicillin G has a synergistic bactericidal effect against most strains of <i>Streptococcus faecalis</i> (enterococcus). The combined effect of netilmicin and carbenicillin or ticarcillin is synergistic for many strains of <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i>. In addition, many isolates of <i>Serratia</i>, which are resistant to multiple antibiotics, are inhibited by synergistic combinations of netilmicin with carbenicillin, azlocillin, mezlocillin, cefamandole, cefotaxime or moxalactam. Aminoglycosides are mostly ineffective against anaerobic bacteria, fungi and viruses.	Aminoglycosides like netilmicin irreversibly bind to specific 30S-subunit proteins and 16S rRNA. Specifically netilmicin binds to four nucleotides of 16S rRNA and a single amino acid of protein S12. This interferes with decoding site in the vicinity of nucleotide 1400 in 16S rRNA of 30S subunit. This region interacts with the wobble base in the anticodon of tRNA. This leads to interference with the initiation complex, misreading of mRNA so incorrect amino acids are inserted into the polypeptide leading to nonfunctional or toxic peptides and the breakup of polysomes into nonfunctional monosomes, leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth.
DCC1423	Conivaptan	CAS:210101-16-9	C32H26N4O2	small molecule	approved	498.5744	For the treatment of euvolemic or hypervolemic hyponatremia (e.g. the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone, or in the setting of hypothyroidism, adrenal insufficiency, pulmonary disorders, etc.) in hospitalized patients.	"Conivaptan is a nonpeptide, dual antagonist of arginine vasopressin (AVP) V<sub>1A</sub> and V<sub>2</sub> receptors. The level of AVP in circulating blood is critical for the regulation of water and electrolyte balance and is usually elevated in both euvolemic and hypervolemic hyponatremia. The AVP effect is mediated through V<sub>2</sub> receptors, which are functionally coupled to aquaporin channels in the apical membrane of the collecting ducts of the kidney. These receptors help to maintain plasma osmolality within the normal range by increasing permeability of the renal collecting ducts to water. Vasopressin also causes vasoconstriction through its actions on vascular <sub>1A</sub> receptors. The predominant pharmacodynamic effect of conivaptan in the treatment of hyponatremia is through its V<sub>2</sub> antagonism of AVP in the renal collecting ducts, an effect that results in aquaresis, or excretion of free water. Conivaptan's antagonist activity on V<sub>1A</sub> receptors may also cause splanchnic vasodilation, resulting in possible hypotension or variceal bleeding in patients with cirrhosis. The pharmacodynamic effects of conivaptan include increased free water excretion (i.e., effective water clearance [EWC]) generally accompanied by increased net fluid loss, increased urine output, and decreased urine osmolality."	Conivaptan is a dual AVP antagonist with nanomolar affinity for human arginine vasopressin V<sub>1A</sub> and V<sub>2</sub> receptors <i>in vitro</i>. This antagonism occurs in the renal collecting ducts, resulting in aquaresis, or excretion of free water.
DCC1455	Pindolol	CAS:13523-86-9	C14H20N2O2	small molecule	approved	248.3208	For the management of hypertension, edema, ventricular tachycardias, and atrial fibrillation.	Pindolol is a non-selective beta-adrenergic antagonist (beta-blocker) which possesses intrinsic sympathomimetic activity (ISA) in therapeutic dosage ranges but does not possess quinidine-like membrane stabilizing activity. Pindolol impairs AV node conduction and decreases sinus rate and may also increase plasma triglycerides and decrease HDL-cholesterol levels. Pindolol is nonpolar and hydrophobic, with low to moderate lipid solubility. Pindolol has little to no intrinsic sympathomimetic activity and, unlike some other beta-adrenergic blocking agents, pindolol has little direct myocardial depressant activity and does not have an anesthetic-like membrane-stabilizing action.	Pindolol non-selectively blocks beta-1 adrenergic receptors mainly in the heart, inhibiting the effects of epinephrine and norepinephrine resulting in a decrease in heart rate and blood pressure. By binding beta-2 receptors in the juxtaglomerular apparatus, Pindolol inhibits the production of renin, thereby inhibiting angiotensin II and aldosterone production and therefore inhibits the vasoconstriction and water retention due to angiotensin II and aldosterone, respectively.
DCC1459	Azelastine	CAS:58581-89-8	C22H24ClN3O	small molecule	approved	381.898	For the symptomatic treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis and non-allergic rhinitis, as well as symptomatic relief of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis.	Azelastine is a relatively selective histamine H1 antagonist, which inhibits the release of histamine and other mediators from cells (e.g. mast cells) involved in the allergic response. It has some affinity to H2 receptors. Based on in vitro studies using human cell lines, inhibition of other mediators involved in allergic reactions (e.g. leukotrienes and PAF) has been demonstrated with azelastine. Azelastine may also inhibit the accumulation and degranulation of eosinophils at the site of allergic inflammation.	Azelastine competes with histamine for the H1-receptor sites on effector cells and acts as an antagonist by inhibiting the release of histamine and other mediators involved in the allergic response.
DCC1461	Isotretinoin	CAS:4759-48-2	C20H28O2	small molecule	approved	300.4351	For the treatment of severe recalcitrant nodular acne.	Isotretinoin, a retinoid, is indicated in the treatment of severe recalcitrant nodular acne. Nodules are inflammatory lesions with a diameter of 5 mm or greater. The nodules may become suppurative or hemorrhagic. Severe, by definition, means many as opposed to few or several nodules. Clinical improvement in nodular acne patients occurs in association with a reduction in sebum secretion. The decrease in sebum secretion is temporary and is related to the dose and duration of treatment with Accutane, and reflects a reduction in sebaceous gland size and an inhibition of sebaceous gland differentiation.	Isotretinoin noticeably reduces the production of sebum and shrinks the sebaceous glands. It stabilises keratinization and prevents comedones from forming. It also reduces inflammation in moderate-severe inflammatory acne. The exact mechanism of action is unknown, however it is known that it alters DNA transcription.
DCC1465	Rivastigmine	CAS:123441-03-2	C14H22N2O2	small molecule	approved	250.3367	"For the treatment of mild to moderate dementia associated with Parkinson's disease or of the Alzheimer's type."	"Rivastigmine is a parasympathomimetic and a reversible cholinesterase inhibitor. An early pathophysiological feature of Alzheimer's disease that is associated with memory loss and cognitive deficits is a deficiency of acetylcholine as a result of selective loss of cholinergic neurons in the cerebral cortex, nucleus basalis, and hippocampus. Tacrine is postulated to exert its therapeutic effect by enhancing cholinergic function. While the precise mechanism of rivastigmine's action is unknown, it is postulated to exert its therapeutic effect by enhancing cholinergic function. This is accomplished by increasing the concentration of acetylcholine through reversible inhibition of its hydrolysis by cholinesterase. If this proposed mechanism is correct, rivastigmine's effect may lessen as the disease progresses and fewer cholinergic neurons remain functionally intact."	Rivastigmine is a carbamate derivative that is structurally related to physostigmine, but not to donepezil and tacrine. The precise mechanism of rivastigmine has not been fully determined, but it is suggested that rivastigmine binds reversibly with and inactivates chlolinesterase (eg. acetylcholinesterase, butyrylcholinesterase), preventing the hydrolysis of acetycholine, and thus leading to an increased concentration of acetylcholine at cholinergic synapses. The anticholinesterase activity of rivastigmine is relatively specific for brain acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase compared with those in peripheral tissues.
DCC1431	Ethanol	CAS:64-17-5	C2H6O	small molecule	approved	46.0684	For therapeutic neurolysis of nerves or ganglia for the relief of intractable chronic pain in such conditions as inoperable cancer and trigeminal neuralgia (tic douloureux), in patients for whom neurosurgical procedures are contraindicated.	Alcohol produces injury to cells by dehydration and precipitation of the cytoplasm or protoplasm. This accounts for its bacteriocidal and antifungal action. When alcohol is injected in close proximity to nerve tissues, it produces neuritis and nerve degeneration (neurolysis). Ninety to 98% of ethanol that enters the body is completely oxidized. Ethanol is also used as a cosolvent to dissolve many insoluble drugs and to serve as a mild sedative in some medicinal formulations. Ethanol also binds to GABA, glycine, NMDA receptors and modulates their effects. Ethanol is also metabolised by the hepatic enzyme alcohol dehydrogenase.	Ethanol affects the brain neurons in several ways. It alters their membranes as well as their ion channels, enzymes, and receptors. Alcohol also binds directly to the receptors for acetylcholine, serotonin, GABA, and the NMDA receptors for glutamate. The sedative effects of ethanol are mediated through binding to GABA receptors and glycine receptors (alpha 1 and alpha 2 subunits). It also inhibits NMDA receptor functioning. In its role as an anti-infective, ethanol acts as an osmolyte or dehydrating agent that disrupts the osmotic balance across cell membranes.
DCC1471	Busulfan	CAS:55-98-1	C6H14O6S2	small molecule	approved	246.302	For use in combination with cyclophosphamide as a conditioning regimen prior to allogeneic hematopoietic progenitor cell transplantation for chronic myelogenous  (myeloid, myelocytic, granulocytic) leukemia (FDA has designated busulfan as an orphan drug for this use). It is also used as a component of pretransplant conditioning regimens in patients undergoing bone marrow transplantation for acute myeloid leukemia and nonmalignant diseases.	Busulfan is an antineoplastic in the class of alkylating agents and is used to treat various forms of cancer. Alkylating agents are so named because of their ability to add alkyl groups to many electronegative groups under conditions present in cells. They stop tumor growth by cross-linking guanine bases in DNA double-helix strands - directly attacking DNA. This makes the strands unable to uncoil and separate. As this is necessary in DNA replication, the cells can no longer divide. In addition, these drugs add methyl or other alkyl groups onto molecules where they do not belong which in turn leads to a miscoding of DNA. Alkylating agents are cell cycle-nonspecific and work by three different mechanisms, all of which achieve the same end result - disruption of DNA function and cell death. Overexpression of MGST2, a glutathione s-transferase, is thought to confer resistance to busulfan. The role of MGST2 in the metabolism of busulfan is unknown however.	Busulfan is an alkylating agent that contains 2 labile methanesulfonate groups attached to opposite ends of a 4-carbon alkyl chain. Once busulfan is hydrolyzed, the methanesulfonate groups are released and carbonium ions are produced. These carbonium ions alkylate DNA, which results in the interference of DNA replication and RNA transcription, ultimately leading to the disruption of nucleic acid function. Specifically, its mechanism of action through alkylation produces guanine-adenine intrastrand crosslinks. This occurs through an SN2 reaction in which the relatively nucleophilic guanine N7 attacks the carbon adjacent to the mesylate leaving group. This kind of damage cannot be repaired by cellular machinery and thus the cell undergoes apoptosis.
DCC1473	Cinacalcet	CAS:226256-56-0	C22H22F3N	small molecule	approved	357.412	For the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with Chronic Kidney Disease who are on hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis. Also for the treatment of hypercalcemia in patients with parathyroid carcinoma.	Cinacalcet is a drug that acts as a calcimimetic (i.e. it mimics the action of calcium on tissues). Secondary hyperparathyroidism (HPT) in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a progressive disease, associated with increases in parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels and derangements in calcium and phosphorus metabolism. Increased PTH stimulates osteoclastic activity resulting in cortical bone resorption and marrow fibrosis. The goals of treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism are to lower levels of PTH, calcium, and phosphorus in the blood, in order to prevent progressive bone disease and the systemic consequences of disordered mineral metabolism. In CKD patients on dialysis with uncontrolled secondary HPT, reductions in PTH are associated with a favorable impact on bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (BALP), bone turnover and bone fibrosis. Cinacalcet reduces calcium levels by increasing the sensitivity of the calcium sensing receptor to extracellular calcium.	The calcium-sensing receptors on the surface of the chief cell of the parathyroid gland is the principal regulator of parathyroid hormone secretion (PTH). Cinacalcet directly lowers parathyroid hormone levels by increasing the sensitivity of the calcium sensing receptors to activation by extracellular calcium, resulting in the inhibition of PTH secretion. The reduction in PTH is associated with a concomitant decrease in serum calcium levels.
DCC1474	Clobetasol	CAS:25122-46-7	C22H28ClFO4	small molecule	approved	410.907	For short-term topical treatment of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of moderate to severe corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses of the scalp.	Like other topical corticosteroids, clobetasol has anti-inflammatory, antipruritic, and vasoconstrictive properties. It is a very high potency topical corticosteroid that should not be used with occlusive dressings. It is recommended that treatment should be limited to 2 consecutive weeks and therapy should be discontinued when adequate results have been achieved.	The precise mechanism of the antiinflammatory activity of topical steroids in the treatment of steroid-responsive dermatoses, in general, is uncertain. However, corticosteroids are thought to act by the induction of phospholipase A<sub>2</sub> inhibitory proteins, collectively called lipocortins. It is postulated that these proteins control the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes by inhibiting the release of their common precursor arachidonic acid. Arachidonic acid is released from membrane phospholipids by phospholipase A<sub>2</sub>. Initially, however, clobetasol, like other corticosteroids, bind to the glucocorticoid receptor, which complexes, enteres the cell nucleus and modifies genetic transcription (transrepression/transactivation).
DCC1437	Paricalcitol	CAS:131918-61-1	C27H44O3	small molecule	approved	416.6365	For treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism associated with chronic kidney disease (CKD) Stage 3 and 4	Secondary hyperparathyroidism is characterized by an elevation in parathyroid hormone (PTH) associated with inadequate levels of active vitamin D hormone. The source of vitamin D in the body is from synthesis in the skin and from dietary intake. Vitamin D requires two sequential hydroxylations in the liver and the kidney to bind to and to activate the vitamin D receptor (VDR). The endogenous VDR activator, calcitriol [1,25(OH)2 D3], is a hormone that binds to VDRs that are present in the parathyroid gland, intestine, kidney, and bone to maintain parathyroid function and calcium and phosphorus homeostasis, and to VDRs found in many other tissues, including prostate, endothelium and immune cells. VDR activation is essential for the proper formation and maintenance of normal bone. In the diseased kidney, the activation of vitamin D is diminished, resulting in a rise of PTH, subsequently leading to secondary hyperparathyroidism and disturbances in the calcium and phosphorus homeostasis.1 Decreased levels of 1,25(OH)2 D3 have been observed in early stages of chronic kidney disease. The decreased levels of 1,25(OH)2 D3 and resultant elevated PTH levels, both of which often precede abnormalities in serum calcium and phosphorus, affect bone turnover rate and may result in renal osteodystrophy. An in vitro study indicates that paricalcitol is not an inhibitor of CYP1A2, CYP2A6, CYP2B6, CYP2C8, CYP2C9, CYP2C19, CYP2D6, CYP2E1 or CYP3A at concentrations up to 50 nM (21 ng/mL).	"Paricalcitol is a synthetic, biologically active vitamin D analog of calcitriol with modifications to the side chain (D2) and the A (19-nor) ring. Preclinical andin vitro studies have demonstrated that paricalcitol's biological actions are mediated through binding of the VDR, which results in the selective activation of vitamin D responsive pathways. Vitamin D and paricalcitol have been shown to reduce parathyroid hormone levels by inhibiting PTH synthesis and secretion."
DCC1443	Azacitidine	CAS:320-67-2	C8H12N4O5	small molecule	approved	244.2047	For treatment of patients with the following French-American-British myelodysplastic syndrome subtypes: refractory anemia or refractory anemia with ringed sideroblasts (if accompanied by neutropenia or thrombocytopenia or requiring transfusions), refractory anemia with excess blasts, refractory anemia with excess blasts in transformation (now classified as acute myelogenous leukemia with multilineage dysplasia), and chronic myelomonocytic leukemia.	Azacitidine is believed to exert its antineoplastic effects by causing hypomethylation of DNA and direct cytotoxicity on abnormal hematopoietic cells in the bone marrow. The concentration of azacitidine required for maximum inhibition of DNA methylation in vitro does not cause major suppression of DNA synthesis. Hypomethylation may restore normal function to genes that are critical for differentiation and proliferation. The cytotoxic effects of azacitidine cause the death of rapidly dividing cells, including cancer cells that are no longer responsive to normal growth control mechanisms. Non-proliferating cells are relatively insensitive to azacitidine. Upon uptake into cells, azacitidine is phosphorylated to 5-azacytidine monophosphate by uridine-cytidine kinase, then to diphosphate by pyrimidine monophosphate kinases and triphosphate by diphosphate kinases. 5-Azacitidine triphosphate is incorporated into RNA, leading to the disruption of nuclear and cytoplasmic RNA metabolism and inhibition of protein synthesis. 5-Azacytidine diphosphate is reduced to 5-aza-deoxycytidine diphosphate by ribonucleotide reductase. The resultant metabolite is phosphorylated to 5-azadeoxycitidine triphosphate by nucleoside diphosphate kinases. 5-azadeoxycitidine triphosphate is then incoporated into DNA, leading to inhibition of DNA synthesis. Azacitidine is most toxic during the S-phase of the cell cycle.	Azacitidine (5-azacytidine) is a chemical analogue of the cytosine nucleoside used in DNA and RNA. Azacitidine is thought to induce antineoplastic activity via two mechanisms; inhibition of DNA methyltransferase at low doses, causing hypomethylation of DNA, and direct cytotoxicity in abnormal hematopoietic cells in the bone marrow through its incorporation into DNA and RNA at high doses, resulting in cell death. As azacitidine is a ribonucleoside, it incoporates into RNA to a larger extent than into DNA. The incorporation into RNA leads to the dissembly of polyribosomes, defective methylation and acceptor function of transfer RNA, and inhibition of the production of protein. Its incorporation into DNA leads to a covalent binding with DNA methyltransferases, which prevents DNA synthesis and subsequent cytotoxicity.
DCC1444	Colesevelam	CAS:182815-44-7	null	small molecule	approved	null	For use, alone or in combination with an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor, as adjunctive therapy to diet and exercise for the reduction of elevated LDL cholesterol in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia (Fredrickson Type IIa).	Colesevelam is a high capacity bile-acid binding molecule. Colesevelam binds to bile acids in the intestine which reduces the amount of bile acids that are returned to the liver via enterohepatic circulation. Clinical studies have demonstrated that elevated levels of total cholesterol (total-C), LDL-C, and apolipoprotein B (Apo B, a protein associated with LDL-C) are associated with an increased risk of atherosclerosis in humans. Similarly, decreased levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) are associated with the development of atherosclerosis. Epidemiological investigations have established that cardiovascular morbidity and mortality vary directly with the levels of total-C and LDL-C, and inversely with the level of HDL-C. The combination of colesevelam and an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor is effective in further lowering serum total-C and LDL-C levels beyond that achieved by either agent alone.	Colesevelam is a non-absorbed, lipid-lowering polymer that binds bile acids in the intestine, impeding their reabsorption. As the bile acid pool becomes depleted, the hepatic enzyme, cholesterol 7-(alpha)-hydroxylase, is upregulated, which increases the conversion of cholesterol to bile acids. This causes an increased demand for cholesterol in the liver cells, resulting in the dual effect of increasing transcription and activity of the cholesterol biosynthetic enzyme, hydroxymethyl-glutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, and increasing the number of hepatic low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptors. These compensatory effects result in increased clearance of LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) from the blood, resulting in decreased serum LDL-C levels. Serum triglyceride levels may increase or remain unchanged. The end result is increased clearance of LDL-cholesterol from the blood with decreased serum LDL-cholesterol.
DCC1454	Methylprednisolone	CAS:83-43-2	C22H30O5	small molecule	approved	374.4706	Adjunctive therapy for short-term administration in rheumatoid arthritis.	Methylprednisolone and its derivatives, methylprednisolone sodium succinate and methylprednisolone acetate, are synthetic glucocorticoids used as antiinflammatory or immunosuppressive agents.	Unbound glucocorticoids cross cell membranes and bind with high affinity to specific cytoplasmic receptors, modifying transcription and protein synthesis. By this mechanism, glucocorticoids can inhibit leukocyte infiltration at the site of inflammation, interfere with mediators of inflammatory response, and suppress humoral immune responses. The antiinflammatory actions of corticosteroids are thought to involve phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins, lipocortins, which control the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes.
DCC1478	Ketoconazole	CAS:65277-42-1	C26H28Cl2N4O4	small molecule	approved	531.431	For the treatment of the following systemic fungal infections: candidiasis, chronic mucocutaneous candidiasis, oral thrush, candiduria, blastomycosis, coccidioidomycosis, histoplasmosis, chromomycosis, and paracoccidioidomycosis.	Ketoconazole, like clotrimazole, fluconazole, itraconazole, and miconazole, is an imidazole antifungal agent.	Ketoconazole interacts with 14-alpha demethylase, a cytochrome P-450 enzyme necessary for the conversion of lanosterol to ergosterol. This results in inhibition of ergosterol synthesis and increased fungal cellular permeability. Other mechanisms may involve the inhibition of endogenous respiration, interaction with membrane phospholipids, inhibition of yeast transformation to mycelial forms, inhibition of purine uptake, and impairment of triglyceride and/or phospholipid biosynthesis. Ketoconazole can also inhibit the synthesis of thromboxane and sterols such as aldosterone, cortisol, and testosterone.
DCC1479	Tolterodine	CAS:124937-51-5	C22H31NO	small molecule	approved	325.4876	For the treatment of overactive bladder (with symptoms of urinary frequency, urgency, or urge incontinence).	Tolterodine is a competitive muscarinic receptor antagonist. Both urinary bladder contraction and salivation are mediated via cholinergic muscarinic receptors. After oral administration, tolterodine is metabolized in the liver, resulting in the formation of the 5-hydroxymethyl derivative, a major pharmacologically active metabolite. The 5-hydroxymethyl metabolite, which exhibits an antimuscarinic activity similar to that of tolterodine, contributes significantly to the therapeutic effect. Both tolterodine and the 5-hydroxymethyl metabolite exhibit a high specificity for muscarinic receptors, since both show negligible activity or affinity for other neurotransmitter receptors and other potential cellular targets, such as calcium channels. Tolterodine has a pronounced effect on bladder function. The main effects of tolterodine are an increase in residual urine, reflecting an incomplete emptying of the bladder, and a decrease in detrusor pressure, consistent with an antimuscarinic action on the lower urinary tract.	Both tolterodine and its active metabolite, 5-hydroxymethyltolterodine, act as competitive antagonists at muscarinic receptors. This antagonism results in inhibition of bladder contraction, decrease in detrusor pressure, and an incomplete emptying of the bladder.
DCC1481	Memantine	CAS:19982-08-2	C12H21N	small molecule	approved	179.3018	"For the treatment of moderate to severe dementia of the Alzheimer's type."	"Memantine, an amantadine derivative, is an NMDA receptor antagonist used in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. It differs from traditional agents used in Alzheimer's disease by acting on glutamatergic neurotransmission, rather than cholinergic. There is some evidence that dysfunction of glutamatergic neurotransmission, manifested as neuronal excitotoxicity, is involved in the aetiology of Alzheimer's disease (Cacabelos et al., 1999). As such, targeting the glutamatergic system, specifically NMDA receptors, was a novel approach to treatment in view of the limited efficacy of existing drugs targeting the cholinergic system. A systematic review of randomised controlled trials found that memantine has a positive effect on cognition, mood, behaviour, and the ability to perform daily activities. There is no evidence that memantine prevents or slows neurodegeneration in patients with Alzheimer's disease."	Memantine exerts its action through uncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonism, binding preferentially to the NMDA receptor-operated cation channels. Prolonged increased levels of glutamate in the brain of demented patients are sufficient to counter the voltage-dependent block of NMDA receptors by Mg<sup>2+</sup> ions and allow continuous influx of Ca<sup>2+</sup> ions into cells, ultimately resulting in neuronal degeneration. Studies suggest that memantine binds more effectively than Mg<sup>2+</sup> ions at the NMDA receptor, and thereby effectively blocks this prolonged influx of Ca<sup>2+</sup> ions through the NMDA channel whilst preserving the transient physiological activation of the channels by higher concentrations of synaptically released glutamate. Thus memantine protects against chronically elevated concentrations of glutamate. Memantine also has antagonistic activity at the type 3 serotonergic (5-HT<sub>3</sub>) receptor with a potency that is similar to that at the NMDA receptor, and lower antagonistic activity at the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor.
DCC1466	Exemestane	CAS:107868-30-4	C20H24O2	small molecule	approved	296.4034	For the treatment of advanced breast cancer in postmenopausal women whose disease has progressed following tamoxifen therapy.	"Aromatase is an enzyme that converts hormones to estrogen in the body's adrenal glands. The aromatase inhibitors (AIs) are drugs that reduce estrogen levels by blocking the action of aromatase in the adrenal glands. The selective AIs (SAIs) selectively reduce levels of estrogen without interfering with levels of other steroid hormones that are produced by the adrenal gland. Drugs in this class include anastrozole (Arimidex &trade;), letrozole (Femara &trade;) and exemestane (Aromasin &trade;)."	Breast cancer cell growth may be estrogen-dependent. Aromatase (exemestane) is the principal enzyme that converts androgens to estrogens both in pre- and postmenopausal women. While the main source of estrogen (primarily estradiol) is the ovary in premenopausal women, the principal source of circulating estrogens in postmenopausal women is from conversion of adrenal and ovarian androgens (androstenedione and testosterone) to estrogens (estrone and estradiol) by the aromatase enzyme in peripheral tissues. Estrogen deprivation through aromatase inhibition is an effective and selective treatment for some postmenopausal patients with hormone-dependent breast cancer. Exemestane is an irreversible, steroidal aromatase inactivator, structurally related to the natural substrate androstenedione. It acts as a false substrate for the aromatase enzyme, and is processed to an intermediate that binds irreversibly to the active site of the enzyme causing its inactivation, an effect also known as suicide inhibition. Exemestane significantly lowers circulating estrogen concentrations in postmenopausal women, but has no detectable effect on the adrenal biosynthesis of corticosteroids or aldosterone. This reduction in serum and tumor concentrations of estrogen delays tumor growth and disease progression. Exemestane has no effect on other enzymes involved in the steroidogenic pathway up to a concentration at least 600 times higher than that inhibiting the aromatase enzyme.
DCC1468	Azathioprine	CAS:446-86-6	C9H7N7O2S	small molecule	approved	277.263	"For use in rheumatoid arthritis, preventing renal transplant rejection, Crohn's disease, and colitis."	"Azathioprine is a chemotherapy drug, now rarely used for chemotherapy but more for immunosuppression in organ transplantation and autoimmune disease such as rheumatoid arthritis or inflammatory bowel disease or Crohn's disease. It is a pro-drug, converted in the body to the active metabolite 6-mercaptopurine. Azathioprine acts to inhibit purine synthesis necessary for the proliferation of cells, especially leukocytes and lymphocytes. It is a safe and effective drug used alone in certain autoimmune diseases, or in combination with other immunosuppressants in organ transplantation. Its most severe side effect is bone marrow suppression, and it should not be given in conjunction with purine analogues such as allopurinol. The enzyme thiopurine S-methyltransferase (TPMT) deactivates 6-mercaptopurine. Genetic polymorphisms of TPMT can lead to excessive drug toxicity, thus assay of serum TPMT may be useful to prevent this complication."	Azathioprine antagonizes purine metabolism and may inhibit synthesis of DNA, RNA, and proteins. It may also interfere with cellular metabolism and inhibit mitosis. Its mechanism of action is likely due to incorporation of thiopurine analogues into the DNA structure, causing chain termination and cytotoxicity.
DCC1486	Isoproterenol	CAS:7683-59-2	C11H17NO3	small molecule	approved	211.2576	For the treatment of mild or transient episodes of heart block that do not require electric shock or pacemaker therapy also used in management of asthma and chronic bronchitis	"Isoproterenol is a relatively selective beta2-adrenergic bronchodilator. Isoproterenol is indicated for the relief of bronchospasm associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. The pharmacologic effects of beta adrenergic agonist drugs, including Isoproterenol, are at least in part attributable to stimulation through beta adrenergic receptors of intracellular adenyl cyclase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic- 3',5'- adenosine monophosphate (c-AMP). Increased c-AMP levels are associated with relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and inhibition of release of mediators of immediate hypersensitivity from cells, especially from mast cells."	The pharmacologic effects of isoproterenol are at least in part attributable to stimulation through beta-adrenergic receptors of intracellular adenyl cyclase, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic AMP. Increased cyclic AMP levels are associated with relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and inhibition of release of mediators of immediate hypersensitivity from cells, especially from mast cells.
DCC1488	Clonazepam	CAS:1622-61-3	C15H10ClN3O3	small molecule	approved	315.711	Clonazepam is used as an anticonvulsant in the treatment of the Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (petit mal variant), akinetic and myoclonic seizures. It can also be used for the treatment of panic disorders.	Clonazepam, a benzodiazepine, is used primarily as an anticonvulsant in the treatment of absence seizures, petit mal variant seizures (Lennox-Gastaut syndrome), akinetic and myoclonic seizures, and nocturnal myoclonus. It enhances the activity of gamma aminobutyric acid (GABA), which is a major inhibitory neurotransmitter in the central nervous system. In animals, convulsions are antagonized occurs following administration of clonazepam. In humans, clonazepam suppresses the spike and wave discharge in absence seizures (petit mal)  and decreases the frequency, amplitude, duration, and spread of discharge in minor motor seizures.	Allosteric interactions between central benzodiazepine receptors and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptors potentiate the effects of GABA. As GABA is an inhibitory neurotransmitter, this results in increased inhibition of the ascending reticular activating system. Benzodiazepines, in this way, block the cortical and limbic arousal that occurs following stimulation of the reticular pathways.
DCC1477	Mycophenolate acid	CAS:24280-93-1	C17H20O6	small molecule	approved	320.3371	For the prophylaxis of organ rejection in patients receiving allogeneic renal transplants, administered in combination with cyclosporine and corticosteroids.	Mycophenolic acid is an antibiotic substance derived from <i>Penicillium stoloniferum</i>. It blocks de novo biosynthesis of purine nucleotides by inhibition of the enzyme inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase. Mycophenolic acid is important because of its selective effects on the immune system. It prevents the proliferation of T-cells, lymphocytes, and the formation of antibodies from B-cells. It also may inhibit recruitment of leukocytes to inflammatory sites.	Mycophenolic acid is a potent, selective, uncompetitive, and reversible inhibitor of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH), and therefore inhibits the de novo pathway of guanosine nucleotide synthesis without incorporation into DNA. Because T- and B-lymphocytes are critically dependent for their proliferation on de novo synthesis of purines, whereas other cell types can utilize salvage pathways, mycophenolic acid has potent cytostatic effects on lymphocytes. Mycophenolic acid inhibits proliferative responses of T- and B-lymphocytes to both mitogenic and allospecific stimulation. Addition of guanosine or deoxyguanosine reverses the cytostatic effects of mycophenolic acid on lymphocytes. Mycophenolic acid also suppresses antibody formation by B-lymphocytes. Mycophenolic acid prevents the glycosylation of lymphocyte and monocyte glycoproteins that are involved in intercellular adhesion to endothelial cells and may inhibit recruitment of leukocytes into sites of inflammation and graft rejection.
DCC1491	Pilocarpine	CAS:54-71-7	C11H16N2O2	small molecule	approved	208.2569	For the treatment of radiation-induced dry mouth (xerostomia) and symptoms of dry mouth in patients with Sj&ouml;grens syndrome.	Pilocarpine is a choline ester miotic and a positively charged quaternary ammonium compound. Pilocarpine, in appropriate dosage, can increase secretion by the exocrine glands. The sweat, salivary, lacrimal, gastric, pancreatic, and intestinal glands and the mucous cells of the respiratory tract may be stimulated. When applied topically to the eye as a single dose it causes miosis, spasm of accommodation, and may cause a transitory rise in intraocular pressure followed by a more persistent fall. Dose-related smooth muscle stimulation of the intestinal tract may cause increased tone, increased motility, spasm, and tenesmus. Bronchial smooth muscle tone may increase. The tone and motility of urinary tract, gallbladder, and biliary duct smooth muscle may be enhanced. Pilocarpine may have paradoxical effects on the cardiovascular system. The expected effect of a muscarinic agonist is vasodepression, but administration of pilocarpine may produce hypertension after a brief episode of hypotension. Bradycardia and tachycardia have both been reported with use of pilocarpine.	Pilocarpine is a cholinergic parasympathomimetic agent. It increase secretion by the exocrine glands, and produces contraction of the iris sphincter muscle and ciliary muscle (when given topically to the eyes) by mainly stimulating muscarinic receptors.
DCC1493	Primaquine	CAS:90-34-6	C15H21N3O	small molecule	approved	259.3467	Used in the treatment of malaria and Pneumocystis pneumonia.	Primaquine is an antimalarial agent and is the essential co-drug with chloroquine in treating all cases of malaria. In the blood, malaria parasites break down a part of the red blood cells known as haemoglobin. When this happens haemoglobin is divided into two parts; haem and globin. Haem is toxic to the malaria parasite. To prevent it from being damaged, the malaria parasite produces an chemical which converts the toxic haem into a non-toxic product. Primaquine acts by interfering with a part of the parasite (mitochondria) that is responsible for supplying it with energy. Without energy the parasite dies. This stops the infection from continuing and allows the person to recover. Primaquine kills the intrahepatic form of <i>Plasmodium vivax</i> and <i>Plasmodium ovale</i>, and thereby prevents the development of the erythrocytic forms that are responsible for relapses (it also kills gametocytes). Primaquine is not used in the prevention of malaria, only in the treatment. It has insignificant activity against the asexual blood forms of the parasite and therefore it is always used in conjunction with a blood schizonticide and never as a single agent. Primaquine has gametocytocidal activity against all plasmodia, including <i>P. falciparum</i>.	"Primaquine's mechanism of action is not well understood. It may be acting by generating reactive oxygen species or by interfering with the electron transport in the parasite. Also, although its mechanism of action is unclear, primaquine may bind to and alter the properties of protozoal DNA."
DCC1494	Fluvastatin	CAS:93957-54-1	C24H26FNO4	small molecule	approved	411.4659	To be used as an adjunct to dietary therapy to prevent cardiovascular events. May be used as secondary prevention in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD) to reduce the risk of requiring coronary revascularization procedures, for reducing progression of coronary atherosclerosis in hypercholesterolemic patients with CHD, and for the treatment of primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslidipidemia.	Fluvastatin, the first synthetically-derived HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor, is a hydrophilic, acidic, antilipemic agent used to lower cholesterol and triglyceride levels associated with primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia (Fredrickson types IIa and IIb), to slow the progression of coronary atherosclerosis in patients with CHD and as secondary prevention therapy in patients with CHD to reduce the risk of requiring coronary revascularization procedures. Although similar to lovastatin, simvastatin, and pravastatin, fluvastatin has a shorter half-life, no active metabolites, extensive protein binding, and minimal CSF penetration. Fluvastatin acts primarily in the liver. It is prepared as a racemate of two erythro enantiomers of which the 3R,5S enantiomer exerts the pharmacologic effect.	Fluvastatin selectively and competitively inhibits the hepatic enzyme hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase. HMG-CoA reductase is responsible for converting HMG-CoA to mevalonate, the rate-limiting step in cholesterol biosynthesis. Inhibition results in a decrease in hepatic cholesterol levels which stimulates the synthesis of LDL receptors and increases hepatic uptake of LDL cholesterol. The end result is decreased levels of plasma total and LDL cholesterol.
DCC1445	Tipranavir	CAS:174484-41-4	C31H33F3N2O5S	small molecule	approved	602.664	For combination antiretroviral treatment of HIV-1 infected adult patients with evidence of viral replication, who are highly treatment-experienced or have HIV-1 strains resistant to multiple protease inhibitors.	Tipranavir is a non-peptidic protease inhibitor (PI) of HIV. Protease inhibitors block the part of HIV called protease. HIV-1 protease is an enzyme required for the proteolytic cleavage of the viral polyprotein precursors into the individual functional proteins found in infectious HIV-1. Nelfinavir binds to the protease active site and inhibits the activity of the enzyme. This inhibition prevents cleavage of the viral polyproteins resulting in the formation of immature non-infectious viral particles. Protease inhibitors are almost always used in combination with at least two other anti-HIV drugs.	"Tipranavir (TPV) is a non-peptidic HIV-1 protease inhibitor that inhibits the processing of the viral Gag and Gag-Pol polyproteins in HIV-1 infected cells, thus preventing formation of mature virions. Two mechanisms are suggested in regards to the potency of tipranavir: 1. Tipravanir may bind to the active site of the protease enzyme with fewer hydrogen bonds than peptidic protease inhibitors, which results in increased flexibility, allowing it to fit into the active site of the enzyme in viruses that have become resistance to other protease inhibitors. This also enables tipranavir to adjust to amino acid substitutions at the active site. 2. Tipranavir's strong hydrogen bonding interaction with the amide backbone of the protease active site Asp30 may lead to its activity against resistant viruses."
DCC1500	Cefuroxime	CAS:55268-75-2	C16H16N4O8S	small molecule	approved	424.385	For the treatment of many different types of bacterial infections such as bronchitis, sinusitis, tonsillitis, ear infections, skin infections, gonorrhea, and urinary tract infections.	Cefuroxime is a beta-lactam type antibiotic. More specifically, it is a second-generation cephalosporin. Cephalosporins work the same way as penicillins: they interfere with the peptidoglycan synthesis of the bacterial wall by inhibiting the final transpeptidation needed for the cross-links. This effect is bactericidal. Cefuroxime is effective against the following organisms: Aerobic Gram-positive Microorganisms: <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i>, <i>Streptococcus pneumoniae</i>, <i>Streptococcus pyogenes</i>. Aerobic Gram-negative Microorganisms: <i>Escherichia coli</i>, <i>Haemophilus influenzae</i> (including beta-lactamase-producing strains), <i>Haemophilus parainfluenzae</i>, <i>Klebsiella pneumoniae</i>, <i>Moraxella catarrhalis</i> (including beta-lactamase-producing strains), <i>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</i> (including beta-lactamase-producing strains). Spirochetes: <i>Borrelia burgdorferi</i>. Cefuroxime axetil is the prodrug	Cefuroxime, like the penicillins, is a beta-lactam antibiotic. By binding to specific penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located inside the bacterial cell wall, it inhibits the third and last stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis. Cell lysis is then mediated by bacterial cell wall autolytic enzymes such as autolysins; it is possible that cefuroxime interferes with an autolysin inhibitor.
DCC1501	Papaverine	CAS:61-25-6	C20H21NO4	small molecule	approved	339.385	For the treatment of impotence and vasospasms.	Papaverine is a nonxanthine phosphodiesterase inhibitor for the relief of cerebral and peripheral ischemia associated with arterial spasm and myocardial ischemia complicated by arrhythmias. The main actions of Papaverine are exerted on cardiac and smooth muscle. Like qathidine, Papaverine acts directly on the heart muscle to depress conduction and prolong the refractory period. Papaverine relaxes various smooth muscles. This relaxation may be prominent if spasm exists. The muscle cell is not paralyzed by Papaverine and still responds to drugs and other stimuli causing contraction. The antispasmodic effect is a direct one, and unrelated to muscle innervation. Papaverine is practically devoid of effects on the central nervous system. Papaverine relaxes the smooth musculature of the larger blood vessels, especially coronary, systemic peripheral, and pulmonary arteries.	Perhaps by its direct vasodilating action on cerebral blood vessels, Papaverine increases cerebral blood flow and decreases cerebral vascular resistance in normal subjects; oxygen consumption is unaltered. These effects may explain the benefit reported from the drug in cerebral vascular encephalopathy.
DCC1502	Nifedipine	CAS:21829-25-4	C17H18N2O6	small molecule	approved	346.3346	"For the management of vasospastic angina, chronic stable angina, hypertension, and Raynaud's phenomenon. May be used as a first line agent for left ventricular hypertrophy and isolated systolic hypertension (long-acting agents)."	Nifedipine, the prototype of the dihydropyridine class of calcium channel blockers (CCBs), is similar to other dihydropyridines including amlodipine, felodipine, isradipine, and nicardipine. There are at least five different types of calcium channels in Homo sapiens: L-, N-, P/Q-, R- and T-type. CCBs target L-type calcium channels, the major channel in muscle cells that mediates contraction. Similar to other DHP CCBs, nifedipine binds directly to inactive calcium channels stabilizing their inactive conformation. Since arterial smooth muscle depolarizations are longer in duration than cardiac muscle depolarizations, inactive channels are more prevalent in smooth muscle cells. Alternative splicing of the alpha-1 subunit of the channel gives nifedipine additional arterial selectivity. At therapeutic sub-toxic concentrations, nifedipine has little effect on cardiac myocytes and conduction cells. By blocking the calcium channels, Nifedipine inhibits the spasm of the coronary artery and dilates the systemic arteries, results in a increase of myocardial oxygen supply and a decrease in systemic blood pressure.	Nifedipine decreases arterial smooth muscle contractility and subsequent vasoconstriction by inhibiting the influx of calcium ions through L-type calcium channels. Calcium ions entering the cell through these channels bind to calmodulin. Calcium-bound calmodulin then binds to and activates myosin light chain kinase (MLCK). Activated MLCK catalyzes the phosphorylation of the regulatory light chain subunit of myosin, a key step in muscle contraction. Signal amplification is achieved by calcium-induced calcium release from the sarcoplasmic reticulum through ryanodine receptors. Inhibition of the initial influx of calcium inhibits the contractile processes of smooth muscle cells, causing dilation of the coronary and systemic arteries, increased oxygen delivery to the myocardial tissue, decreased total peripheral resistance, decreased systemic blood pressure, and decreased afterload. The vasodilatory effects of nifedipine result in an overall decrease in blood pressure.
DCC1482	Lubiprostone	CAS:136790-76-6	C20H32F2O5	small molecule	approved	390.4619	For the treatment of chronic idiopathic constipation in the adult population. Also used for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome with constipation in women who are 18 years of age or older.	Chronic idiopathic constipation is generally defined by infrequent or difficult passage of stool. The signs and symptoms associated with chronic idiopathic constipation (i.e., abdominal pain or discomfort, bloating, straining, and hard or lumpy stools) may be the result of abnormal colonic motility that can delay the transit of intestinal contents and impede the evacuation of rectal contents. One approach to the treatment of chronic idiopathic constipation is the secretion of fluid into the abdominal lumen through the activation of chloride channels in the apical membrane of the gastrointestinal epithelium. Lubiprostone is a locally acting chloride channel activator that increases intestinal chloride and fluid secretion without altering sodium and potassium concentrations in the serum.	Lubiprostone acts by specifically activating ClC-2 chloride channels, which is a normal constituent of the apical membrane of the human intestine, in a protein kinase A action independent fashion. Activation of ClC-2 chloride channels causes an efflux of chloride ions into the lumen, which in turn leads to an efflux of sodium ions through a paracellular pathway to maintain isoelectric neutrality. As a result, water follows sodium into the lumen in order to maintain isotonic equilibrium, thereby increasing intestinal fluid secretion. By increasing intestinal fluid secretion, lubiprostone increases motility in the intestine, thereby increasing the passage of stool and alleviating symptoms associated with chronic idiopathic constipation. Activation of ClC-2 chloride channels may also stimulate the recovery of muscosal barrier function by restoring tight junction protein complexes in the intestine. Patch clamp cell studies in human cell lines have indicated that the majority of the beneficial biological activity of lubiprostone and its metabolites is observed only on the apical (luminal) portion of the gastrointestinal epithelium.
DCC1680	Saxagliptin	CAS:361442-04-8	C18H25N3O2	small molecule	approved	315.41	Treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus to improve glycemic control in combination with other agents or as monotherapy.	Post-administration of saxagliptin, GLP-1 and GIP levels rise up to 2- to 3- fold. Because it is very selective of DPP-4 inhibition, there are fewer systemic side effects. Saxagliptin inhibits DPP-4 enzyme activity for a 24-hour period. It also decreased glucagon concentrations and increased glucose-dependent insulin secretion from pancreatic beta cells. The half maximal inhibitory concentration (IC50) is 0.5 nmol/L.  Saxagliptin did not prolong the QTc interval to a clinically significant degree.	Saxagliptin is a dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor antidiabetic for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. DPP-4 inhibitors are a class of compounds that work by affecting the action of natural hormones in the body called incretins. Incretins decrease blood sugar by increasing consumption of sugar by the body, mainly through increasing insulin production in the pancreas, and by reducing production of sugar by the liver. [Bristol-Myers Squibb Press Release]DPP-4 is a membrane associated peptidase which is found in many tissues, lymphocytes and plasma. DPP-4 has two main mechanisms of action, an enzymatic function and another mechanism where DPP-4 binds adenosine deaminase, which conveys intracellular signals via dimerization when activated. Saxagliptin forms a reversible, histidine-assisted covalent bond between its nitrile group and the S630 hydroxyl oxygen on DPP-4. The inhibition of DPP-4 increases levels active of glucagon like peptide 1 (GLP-1), which inhibits glucagon production from pancreatic alpha cells and increases production of insulin from pancreatic beta cells.
DCC1681	Pertuzumab	CAS:380610-27-5	null	biotech	approved	null	Pertuzumab is indicated for use in combination with trastuzumab and docetaxel for the treatment of patients with HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer who have not received prior anti-HER2 therapy or chemotherapy for metastatic disease.		Pertuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody designed to bind to the HER2 receptor and inhibit the ability of HER2 to interact with other HER family members (HER1, HER2, HER3, and HER4) on the surface of cancer cells. The HER signaling pathway plays a role in the formation and growth of numerous cancers, and previous clinical trials of pertuzumab in a single agent setting had suggested clinical activity - including stable disease - in heavily pretreated patients with advanced ovarian and breast cancers.
DCC1682	Rilonacept	CAS:501081-76-1	null	biotech	approved	null	Rilonacept is currently used in the treatment of cryopyrin-associated periodic syndrome. In May 2012, an advisory panel for the FDA voted 11-0 against the use of Rilonacept for the treatment of gout.	Treatment with Rilonacept resulted in decreased levels of mean C-Reactive Protein (CRP) and Serum Amyloid A (SAA). Higher levels of CRP and SAA are associated with inflammatory disease activity found in patients with Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndromes.	CAPS refer to rare genetic syndromes generally caused by mutations in the NLRP-3 [Nucleotide-binding domain, leucine rich family (NLR), pyrin domain containing 3] gene (also known as Cold-Induced Auto-inflammatory Syndtrome-1 [CIAS1]). CAPS disorders are inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern with male and female offspring equally affected. Fever, urticaria-like rash, arthralgia, myalgia, fatigue, and conjunctivitis are features common to all disorders. In most cases, inflammation in CAPS is associated with mutations in the NLRP-3 gene which encodes the protein cryopyrin, an important component of the inflammasome. Cryopyrin regulates the protease caspase-1 and controls the activation of interleukin-1 beta. Mutations in NLRP-3 result in an overactive inflammasome resulting in excessive release of activated IL-1 beta that drives inflammation. Rilonacept blocks IL-1 beta signaling by acting as a soluble decoy receptor that binds IL-1 beta and prevents its interaction with cell surface receptors.
DCC1684	Ceftaroline fosamil	CAS:400827-46-5	C22H21N8O8PS4	small molecule	approved	684.685	Ceftaroline fosamil is indicated for the treatment of patients with the following infections caused by susceptible isolates of the designated microorganisms.	The time that unbound plasma concentration of ceftaroline exceeds the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) of the infecting organism has been shown to best correlate with efficacy in a neutropenic murine thigh infection model with S. aureus and S. pneumoniae.No significant effect on QTc (corrected QT interval) interval was detected at peak plasma concentration or at any other time.	Ceftaroline fosamil is an antibacterial drug.
DCC1489	Atazanavir	CAS:198904-31-3	C38H52N6O7	small molecule	approved	704.8555	Used in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV-1 infection, as well as postexposure prophylaxis of HIV infection in individuals who have had occupational or nonoccupational exposure to potentially infectious body fluids of a person known to be infected with HIV when that exposure represents a substantial risk for HIV transmission.	Atazanavir (ATV) is an azapeptide HIV-1 protease inhibitor (PI) with activity against Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1). HIV-1 protease is an enzyme required for the proteolytic cleavage of the viral polyprotein precursors into the individual functional proteins found in infectious HIV-1. Atazanavir binds to the protease active site and inhibits the activity of the enzyme. This inhibition prevents cleavage of the viral polyproteins resulting in the formation of immature non-infectious viral particles. Protease inhibitors are almost always used in combination with at least two other anti-HIV drugs. Atazanivir is pharmacologically related but structurally different from other protease inhibitors and other currently available antiretrovirals.	Atazanavir selectively inhibits the virus-specific processing of viral Gag and Gag-Pol polyproteins in HIV-1 infected cells by binding to the active site of HIV-1 protease, thus preventing the formation of mature virions. Atazanavir is not active against HIV-2.
DCC1505	Gliclazide	CAS:21187-98-4	C15H21N3O3S	small molecule	approved	323.411	For the treatment of NIDDM in conjunction with diet and exercise.	Gliclazide is a second generation sulphonylurea which acts as a hypoglycemic agent. It stimulates beta cells of the islet of Langerhans in the pancreas to release insulin. It also enhances peripheral insulin sensitivity. Overall, it potentiates insulin release and improves insulin dynamics.	Gliclazide binds to the beta cell sulfonyl urea receptor (SUR1). This binding subsequently blocks the ATP sensitive potassium channels. The binding results in closure of the channels and leads to a resulting decrease in potassium efflux leads to depolarization of the beta cells. This opens voltage-dependent calcium channels in the beta cell resulting in calmodulin activation, which in turn leads to exocytosis of insulin containing secretorty granules.
DCC1507	Dutasteride	CAS:164656-23-9	C27H30F6N2O2	small molecule	approved	528.5297	For the treatment of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) in men with an enlarged prostate gland to improve symptoms, and reduce the risk of acute urinary retention and the need for surgery.	Dutasteride is a synthetic 4-azasteroid compound that is a selective inhibitor of both the type 1 and type 2 isoforms of steroid 5 alpha-reductase (5AR), intracellular enzymes that convert testosterone to 5 alpha-dihydrotestosterone (DHT). Type I 5a-reductase is predominant in the sebaceous glands of most regions of skin, including scalp, and liver. Type I 5a-reductase is responsible for approximately one-third of circulating DHT. The Type II 5a-reductase isozyme is primarily found in prostate, seminal vesicles, epididymides, and hair follicles as well as liver, and is responsible for two-thirds of circulating DHT.	Dutasteride inhibits the conversion of testosterone to 5 alpha-dihydrotestosterone (DHT), which is the androgen primarily responsible for the initial development and subsequent enlargement of the prostate gland. Testosterone is converted to DHT by the enzyme 5 alpha-reductase, which exists as 2 isoforms, type 1 and type 2. Dutasteride is a competitive and specific inhibitor of both type 1 and type 2 5 alpha-reductase isoenzymes, with which it forms a stable enzyme complex. Dissociation from this complex has been evaluated under <i>in vitro</i> and <i>in vivo</i> conditions and is extremely slow. Dutasteride does not bind to the human androgen receptor.
DCC1508	Bicalutamide	CAS:90357-06-5	C18H14F4N2O4S	small molecule	approved	430.373	For treatment (together with surgery or LHRH analogue) of advanced prostatic cancer.	Bicalutamide is an antineoplastic hormonal agent primarily used in the treatment of prostate cancer. Bicalutamide is a pure, nonsteroidal anti-androgen with affinity for androgen receptors (but not for progestogen, estrogen, or glucocorticoid receptors). Consequently, Bicalutamide blocks the action of androgens of adrenal and testicular origin which stimulate the growth of normal and malignant prostatic tissue. Prostate cancer is mostly androgen-dependent and can be treated with surgical or chemical castration. To date, antiandrogen monotherapy has not consistently been shown to be equivalent to castration.	Bicalutamide competes with androgen for the binding of androgen receptors, consequently blocking the action of androgens of adrenal and testicular origin which stimulate the growth of normal and malignant prostatic tissue.
DCC1509	Carvedilol	CAS:72956-09-3	C24H26N2O4	small molecule	approved	406.4742	For the treatment of mild or moderate (NYHA class II or III) heart failure of ischemic or cardiomyopathic origin.	"Carvedilol is a nonselective beta-adrenergic blocking agent with alpha1-blocking activity and is indicated for the treatment of hypertension and mild or moderate (NYHA class II or III) heart failure of ischemic or cardiomyopathic origin. Carvedilol is a racemic mixture in which nonselective b-adrenoreceptor blocking activity is present in the S(-) enantiomer and a-adrenergic blocking activity is present in both R(+) and S(-) enantiomers at equal potency. Carvedilol has no intrinsic sympathomimetic activity. The effect of carvedilol's b-adrenoreceptor blocking activity has been demonstrated in animal and human studies showing that carvedilol (1) reduces cardiac output in normal subjects; (2) reduces exercise-and/or isoproterenol-induced tachycardia and (3) reduces reflex orthostatic tachycardia."	"Carvedilol is a racemic mixture in which nonselective beta-adrenoreceptor blocking activity is present in the S(-) enantiomer and alpha-adrenergic blocking activity is present in both R(+) and S(-) enantiomers at equal potency. Carvedilol's beta-adrenergic receptor blocking ability decreases the heart rate, myocardial contractility, and myocardial oxygen demand. Carvedilol also decreases systemic vascular resistance via its alpha adrenergic receptor blocking properties. Carvedilol and its metabolite BM-910228 (a less potent beta blocker, but more potent antioxidant) have been shown to restore the inotropic responsiveness to Ca<sup>2+</sup> in OH<sup>-</sup> free radical-treated myocardium. Carvedilol and its metabolites also prevent OH<sup>-</sup> radical-induced decrease in sarcoplasmic reticulum Ca<sup>2+</sup>-ATPase activity. Therefore, carvedilol and its metabolites may be beneficial in chronic heart failure by preventing free radical damage."
DCC1495	Leflunomide	CAS:75706-12-6	C12H9F3N2O2	small molecule	approved	270.2073	For the management of the signs and symptoms of active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) to improve physical function and to slow the progression of structural damage associated with the disease. Has also been used for the prevention of acute and chronic rejection in recipients of solid organ trasnplants and is designated by the FDA as an orphan drug for this use.	"Leflunomide is a pyrimidine synthesis inhibitor indicated in adults for the treatment of active rheumatoid arthritis (RA). RA is an auto-immune disease characterized by high T-cell activity. T cells have two pathways to synthesize pyrimidines: the salvage pathways and the de novo synthesis. At rest, T lymphocytes meet their metabolic requirements by the salvage pathway. Activated lymphocytes need to expand their pyrimidine pool 7- to 8-fold, while the purine pool is expanded only 2- to 3-fold. To meet the need for more pyrimidines, activated T cells use the de novo pathway for pyrimidine synthesis. Therefore, activated T cells, which are dependent on de novo pyrimidine synthesis, will be more affected by leflunomide's inhibition of dihydroorotate dehydrogenase than other cell types that use the salvage pathway of pyrimidine synthesis."	"Leflunomide is a prodrug that is rapidly and almost completely metabolized following oral administration to its pharmacologically active metabolite, A77 1726. This metabolite is responsible for essentially all of the drug's activity in-vivo. The mechanism of action of leflunomide has not been fully determined, but appears to primarily involve regulation of autoimmune lymphocytes. It has been suggested that leflunomide exerts its immunomodulating effects by preventing the expansion of activated autoimmune lymphocytes via interferences with cell cycle progression. In-vitro data indicates that leflunomide interferes with cell cycle progression by inhibiting dihydroorotate dehydrogenase (a mitochondrial enzyme involved in de novo pyrimidine ribonucleotide uridine monophosphate (rUMP)synthesis) and has antiproliferative activity."
DCC1498	Sertraline	CAS:79617-96-2	C17H17Cl2N	small molecule	approved	306.23	For the management of major depressive disorder, posttraumatic stress disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, premenstrual dysphoric disorder, social phobia, premature ejaculation, and vascular headaches.	Sertraline, an antidepressant drug similar to citalopram, fluoxetine, and paroxetine, is of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) type. Sertraline has one active metabolite and, like the other SSRIs, have less sedative, anticholinergic, and cardiovascular effects than the tricyclic antidepressant drugs because it does not have clinically important anticholinergic, antihistamine, or adrenergic blocking activity.	The exact mechanism of action sertraline is not fully known, but the drug appears to selectively inhibit the reuptake of serotonin at the presynaptic membrane. This results in an increased synaptic concentration of serotonin in the CNS, which leads to numerous functional changes associated with enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. It is suggested that these modifications are responsible for the antidepressant action observed during long term administration of antidepressants. It has also been hypothesized that obsessive-compulsive disorder is caused by the dysregulation of serotonin, as it is treated by sertraline, and the drug corrects this imbalance.
DCC1503	Trimethaphan	CAS:7187-66-8	C22H25N2OS	small molecule	approved	365.512	For the controlled reduction of blood pressure during surgery and in the treatment of hypertensive emergencies.	Trimethaphan is indicated for production of controlled hypotension during surgery to reduce bleeding into the surgical field and also for rapid reduction of blood pressure in the treatment of hypertensive emergencies, especially in patients with acute dissecting aneurysm, and in the emergency treatment of pulmonary edema in patients with pulmonary hypertension associated with systemic hypertension.	"Trimethaphan is a ganglionic blocking agent prevents stimulation of postsynaptic receptors by competing with acetylcholine for these receptor sites. Additional effects may include direct peripheral vasodilation and release of histamine. Trimethaphan's hypotensive effect is due to reduction in sympathetic tone and vasodilation, and is primarily postural."
DCC1686	Apixaban	CAS:503612-47-3	C25H25N5O4	small molecule	approved	459.4971	Apixaban is to reduce the risk of stroke and systemic embolism in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation. It has also been used to lower the risk of developing venous thrombosis post-orthopedic surgical procedures.	Apixaban acts by inhibiting coagulation, and thus prevents development of blood clots. As a result of FXa inhibition, apixaban prolongs clotting tests such as prothrombin time (PT), INR, and activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT). Changes observed in these clotting tests at the expected therapeutic dose, however, are small, subject to a high degree of variability, and not useful in monitoring the anticoagulation effect of apixaban. The Rotachrom¿¿  Heparin chromogenic assay is not recommended for assessing the anticoagulant effect of apixaban.	Apixaban acts by directly inhibiting, in a reversible manner, free and clot-bound factor Xa to inhibit coagulation.
DCC1687	Bosutinib	CAS:380843-75-4	C26H29Cl2N5O3	small molecule	approved	530.446	Treatment of chronic, accelerated, or blast phase Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy in adult patients.		Bosutinib is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor. Although it is able to inhibit several tyrosine kinases such as Src, Lyn, and Hck, which are members of the Src-family of kinases, its primary target is the Bcr-Abl kinase. The Bcr-Abl gene is a chimeric oncogene created from the fusion of the breakpoint-cluster (Bcr) gene and Abelson (Abl) tyrosine gene. This chromosomal abnormality results in the formation of what is commonly known as the Philadelphia chromosome or Philadelphia translocation. The Bcr-Abl gene expresses a particular kinase that promotes the progression of CML. A decrease in the growth and size of the CML tumour has been observed following administration of bosutinib. Bosutinib did not inhibit the T315I and V299L mutant cells.
DCC1688	Axitinib	CAS:319460-85-0	null	small molecule	approved	null	Used in kidney cell cancer and investigated for use/treatment in pancreatic and thyroid cancer.	Axitinib prevents the progression of cancer by inhibiting angiogenesis and blocking tumor growth.	Axitinib selectively blocks the tyrosine kinase receptors VEGFR-1 (vascular endothelial growth factor receptor), VEGFR-2, and VEGFR-3.
DCC1689	Denosumab	CAS:615258-40-7	null	biotech	approved	null	Prolia is indicated for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. It reduces the incidence of vertebral, nonvertebral, and hip fractures. Prolia is also indicated as a treatment to increase bone mass in women at high risk for fracture receiving adjuvant aromatase inhibitor therapy for breast cancer. It can also be used in men with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture or in men receiving androgen deprivation therapy for nonmetastatic prostate cancer to increase bone mass. Xgeva is indicated for the prevention of skeletal-related events in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors.	In clinical studies, treatment with 60 mg of Prolia resulted in reduction in the bone resorption marker serum type 1 C-telopeptide (CTX) by approximately 85% by 3 days. Consistent with the physiological coupling of bone formation and resorption in skeletal remodeling, subsequent reductions in bone formation markers (i.e. osteocalcin and procollagen type 1 N-terminal peptide [PlNP]) were observed starting 1 month after the first dose of Prolia.	"Denosumab is designed to target RANKL (RANK ligand), a protein that acts as the primary signal to promote bone removal/resorption. In many bone loss conditions, RANKL overwhelms the body's natural defense against bone destruction. Denosumab prevents RANKL from activating its receptor, RANK, on the surface of osteoclasts and their precursors. Prevention of the RANKL/RANK interaction inhibits osteoclast formation, function, and survival, thereby decreasing bone resorption and increasing bone mass and strength in both cortical and trabecular bone."
DCC1690	Liraglutide	CAS:204656-20-2	null	biotech	approved	null	It is indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.	Liraglutide is a once-daily GLP-1 derivative for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. GLP-1, in its natural form, is short-lived in the body (the half-life after subcutaneous injection is approximately one hour), so it is not very useful as a therapeutic agent. However, liraglutide has a half-life after subcutaneous injection of 11_¿_15 hours, making it suitable for once-daily dosing. The prolonged action of liraglutide is achieved by attaching a fatty acid molecule at one position of the GLP-1 molecule, enabling it to bind to albumin within the subcutaneous tissue and bloodstream. The active GLP-1 is then released from albumin at a slow, consistent rate. Binding with albumin also results in slower degradation and reduced elimination of liraglutide from the circulation by the kidneys compared to GLP-1.	Liraglutide is an acylated GLP-1 (Glucagon-Like Peptide-1) receptor agonist. Liraglutide upregulates intracellular cAMP resulting in the release of insulin given elevated blood glucose concentrations. Glucagon secretion is also decreased in a glucose-dependent fashion by liraglutide.
DCC1515	Desipramine	CAS:50-47-5	C18H22N2	small molecule	approved	266.3807	For relief of symptoms in various depressive syndromes, especially endogenous depression. It has also been used to manage chronic peripheral neuropathic pain, as a second line agent for the management of anxiety disorders (e.g. panic disorder, generalized anxiety disorder), and as a second or third line agent in the ADHD management.	Desipramine, a secondary amine tricyclic antidepressant, is structurally related to both the skeletal muscle relaxant cyclobenzaprine and the thioxanthene antipsychotics such as thiothixene. It is the active metabolite of imipramine, a tertiary amine TCA. The acute effects of desipramine include inhibition of noradrenaline re-uptake at noradrenergic nerve endings and inhibition of serotonin (5-hydroxy tryptamine, 5HT) re-uptake at the serotoninergic nerve endings in the central nervous system. Desipramine exhibits greater noradrenergic re-uptake inhibition compared to the tertiary amine TCA imipramine. In addition to inhibiting neurotransmitter re-uptake, desipramine down-regulates beta-adrenergic receptors in the cerebral cortex and sensitizes serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The overall effect is increased serotonergic transmission. Antidepressant effects are typically observed 2 - 4 weeks following the onset of therapy though some patients may require up to 8 weeks of therapy prior to symptom improvement. Patients experiencing more severe depressive episodes may respond quicker than those with mild depressive symptoms.	Desipramine is a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) that selectively blocks reuptake of norepinephrine (noradrenaline) from the neuronal synapse. It also inhibits serotonin reuptake, but to a lesser extent compared to tertiary amine TCAs such as imipramine. Inhibition of neurotransmitter reuptake increases stimulation of the post-synaptic neuron.  Chronic use of desipramine also leads to down-regulation of beta-adrenergic receptors in the cerebral cortex and sensitization of serotonergic receptors. An overall increase in serotonergic transmission likely confers desipramine its antidepressant effects. Desipramine also possesses minor anticholinergic activity, through its affinity for muscarinic receptors. TCAs are believed to act by restoring normal levels of neurotransmitters via synaptic reuptake inhibition and by increasing serotonergic neurotransmission via serotonergic receptor sensitization in the central nervous system.
DCC1520	Cilostazol	CAS:73963-72-1	C20H27N5O2	small molecule	approved	369.4607	For the reduction of symptoms of intermittent claudication (pain in the legs that occurs with walking and disappears with rest).	Cilostazol is a quinolinone derivative indicated for the reduction of symptoms of intermittent claudication, as indicated by an increased walking distance. Intermittent claudication is pain in the legs that occurs with walking and disappears with rest. The pain occurs due to reduced blood flow to the legs.	Cilostazol and several of its metabolites are cyclic AMP (cAMP) phosphodiesterase III inhibitors (PDE III inhibitors), inhibiting phosphodiesterase activity and suppressing cAMP degradation with a resultant increase in cAMP in platelets and blood vessels, leading to inhibition of platelet aggregation and vasodilation.
DCC1521	Itraconazole	CAS:84625-61-6	C35H38Cl2N8O4	small molecule	approved	705.633	For the treatment of the following fungal infections in immunocompromised and non-immunocompromised patients: pulmonary and extrapulmonary blastomycosis, histoplasmosis, aspergillosis, and onychomycosis.	Itraconazole is an imidazole/triazole type antifungal agent. Itraconazole is a highly selective inhibitor of fungal cytochrome P-450 sterol C-14 alpha-demethylation via the inhibition of the enzyme cytochrome P450 14alpha-demethylase. This enzyme converts lanosterol to ergosterol, and is required in fungal cell wall synthesis. The subsequent loss of normal sterols correlates with the accumulation of 14 alpha-methyl sterols in fungi and may be partly responsible for the fungistatic activity of fluconazole. Mammalian cell demethylation is much less sensitive to fluconazole inhibition. Itraconazole exhibits <i>in vitro</i> activity against <i>Cryptococcus neoformans</i> and <i>Candida spp.</i> Fungistatic activity has also been demonstrated in normal and immunocompromised animal models for systemic and intracranial fungal infections due to <i>Cryptococcus neoformans</i> and for systemic infections due to <i>Candida albicans</i>.	Itraconazole interacts with 14-alpha demethylase, a cytochrome P-450 enzyme necessary to convert lanosterol to ergosterol. As ergosterol is an essential component of the fungal cell membrane, inhibition of its synthesis results in increased cellular permeability causing leakage of cellular contents. Itraconazole may also inhibit endogenous respiration, interact with membrane phospholipids, inhibit the transformation of yeasts to mycelial forms, inhibit purine uptake, and impair triglyceride and/or phospholipid biosynthesis.
DCC1522	Procarbazine	CAS:671-16-9	C12H19N3O	small molecule	approved	221.2988	"For use with other anticancer drugs for the treatment of stage III and stage IV Hodgkin's disease."	Procarbazine is an antineoplastic in the class of alkylating agents and is used to treat various forms of cancer. Alkylating agents are so named because of their ability to add alkyl groups to many electronegative groups under conditions present in cells. They stop tumor growth by cross-linking guanine bases in DNA double-helix strands - directly attacking DNA. This makes the strands unable to uncoil and separate. As this is necessary in DNA replication, the cells can no longer divide. In addition, these drugs add methyl or other alkyl groups onto molecules where they do not belong which in turn inhibits their correct utilization by base pairing and causes a miscoding of DNA. Procarbazine is cell-phase specific for the S phase of cell division.	The precise mode of cytotoxic action of procarbazine has not been clearly defined. There is evidence that the drug may act by inhibition of protein, RNA and DNA synthesis. Studies have suggested that procarbazine may inhibit transmethylation of methyl groups of methionine into t-RNA. The absence of functional t-RNA could cause the cessation of protein synthesis and consequently DNA and RNA synthesis. In addition, procarbazine may directly damage DNA. Hydrogen peroxide, formed during the auto-oxidation of the drug, may attack protein sulfhydryl groups contained in residual protein which is tightly bound to DNA.
DCC1569	Insulin glulisine	CAS:207748-29-6	C258H384N64O78S6	biotech	approved	5823 Daltons	For the treatment of Type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus. Should be used in regimens including a long-acting or basal insulin analogue unless it is used in a continuous infusion pump. May be used with oral antidiabetic agents.	Insulin is a natural hormone produced by beta cells of the pancreas. In non-diabetic individuals, a basal level of insulin is supplemented with insulin spikes following meals. Postprandial insulin spikes are responsible for the metabolic changes that occur as the body transitions from a postabsorptive to absorptive state. Insulin promotes cellular uptake of glucose, particularly in muscle and adipose tissues, promotes energy storage via glycogenesis, opposes catabolism of energy stores, increases DNA replication and protein synthesis by stimulating amino acid uptake by liver, muscle and adipose tissue, and modifies the activity of numerous enzymes involved in glycogen synthesis and glycolysis. Insulin also promotes growth and is required for the actions of growth hormone (e.g. protein synthesis, cell division, DNA synthesis). Insulin glulisine is a rapid-acting insulin analogue used to mimic postprandial insulin spikes in diabetic individuals. The onset of action of insulin glulisine is approximately 15 minutes. Its activity peaks 60 minutes following subcutaneous injection and its duration of action is 2-4 hours.	Insulin glulisine binds to the insulin receptor (IR), a heterotetrameric protein consisting of two extracellular alpha units and two transmembrane beta units. The binding of insulin to the alpha subunit of IR stimulates the tyrosine kinase activity intrinsic to the beta subunit of the receptor. The bound receptor autophosphorylates and phosphorylates numerous intracellular substrates such as insulin receptor substrates (IRS) proteins, Cbl, APS, Shc and Gab 1. Activation of these proteins leads to the activation of downstream signaling molecules including PI3 kinase and Akt. Akt regulates the activity of glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) and protein kinase C (PKC), both of which play critical roles in metabolism and catabolism. In humans, insulin is stored in the form of hexamers; however, only insulin monomers are able to interact with IR. Substitution of the arginine at position B3 for lysine and replacement of the B29 lysine with glutamic acid decreases the propensity to form hexamers, stabilizes the hormone in monomeric form and results in a rapid rate of absorption and short duration of action.
DCC1574	Lithium	CAS:7439-93-2	Li	small molecule	approved	6.941	Lithium is used as a mood stabilizer, and is used for treatment of depression and mania. It is often used in bipolar disorder treatment.	"Although lithium has been used for over 50 years in treatment of bipolar disorder, the mechanism of action is still unknown. Lithium's therapeutic action may be due to a number of effects, ranging from inhibition of enzymes such as glycogen synthase kinase 3, inositol phosphatases, or modulation of glutamate receptors."	"The precise mechanism of action of Li+ as a mood-stabilizing agent is currently unknown. It is possible that Li+ produces its effects by interacting with the transport of monovalent or divalent cations in neurons. An increasing number of scientists have come to the conclusion that the excitatory neurotransmitter glutamate is the key factor in understanding how lithium works. Lithium has been shown to change the inward and outward currents of glutamate receptors (especially GluR3), without a shift in reversal potential. Lithium has been found to exert a dual effect on glutamate receptors, acting to keep the amount of glutamate active between cells at a stable, healthy level, neither too much nor too little.  It is postulated that too much glutamate in the space between neurons causes mania, and too little, depression. Another mechanism by which lithium might help to regulate mood include the non-competitive inhibition of an enzyme called inositol monophosphatase.  Alternately lithium's action may be enhanced through the deactivation of the GSK-3B enzyme.  The regulation of GSK-3B by lithium may affect the circadian clock.  GSK-3 is known for phosphorylating and thus inactivating glycogen synthase. GSK-3B has also been implicated in the control of cellular response to damaged DNA. GSK-3 normally phosphorylates beta catenin, which leads to beta catenin degratation. When GSK-3 is inhibited, beta catenin increases and transgenic mice with overexpression of beta catenin express similar behaviour to mice treated with lithium. These results suggest that increase of beta catenin may be a possible pathway for the therapeutic action of lithium."
DCC1577	Calcium	null	null	small molecule	experimental	null	Calcium plays a vital role in the anatomy, physiology and biochemistry of organisms and of the cell, particularly in signal transduction pathways. It is vital in cell signaling, muscular contractions, bone health, and signalling cascades.	Calcium (Ca2+) plays a pivotal role in the physiology and biochemistry of organisms and the cell. It plays an important role in signal transduction pathways, where it acts as a second messenger, in neurotransmitter release from neurons, contraction of all muscle cell types, and fertilization. Many enzymes require calcium ions as a cofactor, those of the blood-clotting cascade being notable examples. Extracellular calcium is also important for maintaining the potential difference across excitable cell membranes, as well as proper bone formation.	Calcium plays a vital role in the anatomy, physiology and biochemistry of organisms and of the cell, particularly in signal transduction pathways. More than 500 human proteins are known to bind or transport calcium.   The skeleton acts as a major mineral storage site for the element and releases Ca2+ ions into the bloodstream under controlled conditions. Circulating calcium is either in the free, ionized form or bound to blood proteins such as serum albumin. Parathyroid hormone (secreted from the parathyroid gland) regulates the resorption of Ca2+ from bone. Calcitonin stimulates incorporation of calcium in bone, although this process is largely independent of calcitonin. Although calcium flow to and from the bone is neutral, about 5 mmol is turned over a day. Bone serves as an important storage point for calcium, as it contains 99% of the total body calcium.  Low calcium intake may also be a risk factor in the development of osteoporosis.  The best-absorbed form of calcium from a pill is a calcium salt like carbonate or phosphate. Calcium gluconate and calcium lactate are absorbed well by pregnant women. Seniors absorb calcium lactate, gluconate and citrate better unless they take their calcium supplement with a full breakfast. The currently recommended calcium intake is 1,500 milligrams per day for women not taking estrogen and 800 milligrams per day for women on estrogen. There is close to 300 milligrams of calcium in one cup of fluid milk. Calcium carbonate is currently the best and least expensive form of calcium supplement available.
DCC1696	Desvenlafaxine	CAS:93413-62-8	C16H25NO2	small molecule	approved	263.3752	Desvenlafaxine is indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder in adults.	Desvenlafaxine is a selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor. It lacks significant activity on muscarinic-cholinergic, H<sub>1</sub>-histaminergic, or alpha<sub>1</sub>-adrenergic receptors <i>in vitro</i>. Desvenlafaxine does not appear to exert activity against calcium, chloride, potassium and sodium ion channels and also lacks monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitory activity. It was also shown to lack significant activity again the cardiac potassium channel, hERG, <i>in vitro</i>. Compared to other SNRIs, desvenlafaxine undergoes simple metabolism, has a low risk of drug-drug interactions and does not have to be extensively titrated to reach a therapeutic dose. Some of the limitations of desvenlafaxine include moderate efficacy in the treatment of major depressive disorder, similar safety and tolerability profile to other SNRIs and possible transient discontinuation symptoms upon cessation of therapy.	Desvenlafaxine, the major active metabolite of venlafaxine, is a selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor. The clinical effect of desvenlafaxine is thought to occur via potentiation of serotonin and norepinephrine in the central nervous system. Unlike venlafaxine, desvenlafaxine is thought to have a differential serotonergic and noradrenergic activity profile.
DCC1699	Norelgestromin	CAS:53016-31-2	C21H29NO2	small molecule	approved	327.4605	Norelgestromin is used for contraception and menopausal hormonal therapy. Norelgestromin may potentially be used in breast cancer treatment due to its inhibitory effect on estrone sulfatase . They convert sulfated steroid precursors to estrogen during pregnancy.	Norelgestromin is used for contraception and menopausal hormonal therapy transdermally or in combination with ethinyl estradiol as a vaginal ring. Norelgestromin, in combination with ethinyl estradiol inhibits ovulation by suppressing gonadotropins.	Norelgestromin inhibits estrone sulfatase, which converts sulfated steroid precursors to estrogen during pregnancy. Norgelgestromin/ethinylestradiol suppresses follicular development, induces changes to the endometrium, which decreases chances of implantation and thickens the cervical mucus, impeding sperm swimming into the uterus. It also has similar agonisting binding affinities as its parent compound, Norgestimate, for progesterone and estrogen receptors.
DCC1692	Golimumab	CAS:476181-74-5	C6530H10068N1752O2026S44	biotech	approved	146943.1937 daltons	Used in adults (i) as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis (RA), (ii) alone or as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA), (iii) as a single agent in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis (AS), and (iv) as a single agent in patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis (UC) who require chronic steroids or have experienced intolerance or only a partial response to previous medications.	Golimumab inhibits the activity of the cytokine, tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha). In areas such as the joints and blood, increased TNF alpha is associated with chronic inflammation seen in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis. Thus golimumab decreases the inflammation in these conditions. Concerning ulcerative colitis, the physiological effects of golimumab has yet to be determined.	As a human monoclonal antibody, golimumab binds and inhibits soluble and transmembrane human TNF alpha. Inhibition of TNF alpha prevents it binding to its receptors, which prevents both leukocyte infiltration through prevention of cell adhesion proteins such as E-selectin, ICAM-1 and VCAM-1, and pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion such as IL-6, IL-8, G-CSF and GM-CSF in vitro. Consequently, in patients with chronic inflammatory conditions, decreases in ICAM-1 and IL-6 as well as C-reactive protein (CRP), matrix metalloproteinase 3 (MMP-3), and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) were observed.
DCC1693	Belatacept	CAS:706808-37-9	null	biotech	approved	null	For prophylaxis of organ rejection. It is also used concomitantly with basiliximumab for induction therapy, mycophenolate, and corticosteriods in kidney transplant recepients that are seropositive for the Epstein-Barr virus.	Belatacept binds to CD86 with a 4-fold higher affinity than abatacept. It also binds to CD80 with a 2-fold higher affinity than abatacept. It was observed in non-human primates that belatacept prolongs graft survival due to a decrease in antibody production against the donor organ. Furthermore, belatacept also inhibits the primary humoral immune response which is indicated by the decrease in post-transplant levels of IgG, IgM, and IgA. The magnitude of this effect is more significant in belatacept than it is in cyclosporine.	Belatacept is a fusion protein in which the Fc portion of human IgG1 is attached onto the extracellular portion of human CTLA-4 (CD152). Belatacept specifically binds to CD80 and CD86 receptors that are found on the antigen-presenting cell (B cells, macrophages, dendritic cells) to block selective T-cell lymphocyte costimulation. CD80 and CD86 would normally act as the ligands to the CD28 receptor T-cells in which this interaction triggers the activation of T lymphocytes. However in the presence of belatacept, because the extracellular CTLA-4 component binds to CD28 with higher affinity than CD80 or CD86, T lymphyocyte anergy, a state of antigen specific tolerance, occurs instead. The T cell is also no longer able to respond to their antigen.
DCC1523	Moclobemide	CAS:71320-77-9	C13H17ClN2O2	small molecule	approved	268.739	For the treatment of depression.	Moclobemide belongs to a class of MAOI antidepressants known as reversible inhibitors of monoamine oxidase type-A (RIMAs). The primary role of monoamine oxidase MAO lies in the metabolism of and regulation of the levels of monoamines (serotonin, norepinephrine, and dopamine). Within neurons, MAO appears to regulate the levels of monoamines released upon synaptic firing. Since depression is associated with low levels of monoamines, the inhibition of MAO serves to ease depressive symptoms. RIMAs demonstrate transient inhibition of the substrate binding site of MAO-A as well as competitive displacement from this site by bioamines. The RIMAs are distinguished from the older monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) by their selectivity and reversibility.	The mechanism of action of moclobemide involves the selective, reversible inhibition of MAO-A. This inhibition leads to a decrease in the metabolism and destruction of monoamines in the neurotransmitters. This results in an increase in the monoamines, relieving depressive symptoms.
DCC1524	Escitalopram	CAS:128196-01-0	C20H21FN2O	small molecule	approved	324.3919	Labeled indications include major depressive disorder (MDD) and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Unlabeled indications include treatment of mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients.	Escitalopram is one of a class of antidepressants known as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). It is used to treat the depression associated with mood disorders. It is also used on occassion in the treatment of body dysmorphic disorder and anxiety. The antidepressant, antiobsessive-compulsive, and antibulimic actions of escitalopram are presumed to be linked to its inhibition of CNS neuronal uptake of serotonin. <i>In vitro</i> studies show that escitalopram is a potent and selective inhibitor of neuronal serotonin reuptake and has only very weak effects on norepinephrine and dopamine neuronal reuptake. Escitalopram has no significant affinity for adrenergic (alpha1, alpha2, beta), cholinergic, GABA, dopaminergic, histaminergic, serotonergic (5HT<sub>1A</sub>, 5HT<sub>1B</sub>, 5HT<sub>2</sub>), or benzodiazepine receptors; antagonism of such receptors has been hypothesized to be associated with various anticholinergic, sedative, and cardiovascular effects for other psychotropic drugs. The chronic administration of escitalopram was found to downregulate brain norepinephrine receptors, as has been observed with other drugs effective in the treatment of major depressive disorder. Escitalopram does not inhibit monoamine oxidase.	The antidepressant, antiobsessive-compulsive, and antibulimic actions of escitalopram are presumed to be linked to its inhibition of CNS neuronal uptake of serotonin. Escitalopram blocks the reuptake of serotonin at the serotonin reuptake pump of the neuronal membrane, enhancing the actions of serotonin on 5HT<sub>1A</sub> autoreceptors. SSRIs bind with significantly less affinity to histamine, acetylcholine, and norepinephrine receptors than tricyclic antidepressant drugs.
DCC1525	Idarubicin	CAS:58957-92-9	C26H27NO9	small molecule	approved	497.4939	For the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia (AML) in adults. This includes French-American-British (FAB) classifications M1 through M7.	Idarubicin is an antineoplastic in the anthracycline class. General properties of drugs in this class include: interaction with DNA in a variety of different ways including intercalation (squeezing between the base pairs), DNA strand breakage and inhibition with the enzyme topoisomerase II. Most of these compounds have been isolated from natural sources and antibiotics. However, they lack the specificity of the antimicrobial antibiotics and thus produce significant toxicity. The anthracyclines are among the most important antitumor drugs available. Doxorubicin is widely used for the treatment of several solid tumors while daunorubicin and idarubicin are used exclusively for the treatment of leukemia. Idarubicin may also inhibit polymerase activity, affect regulation of gene expression, and produce free radical damage to DNA. Idarubicin possesses an antitumor effect against a wide spectrum of tumors, either grafted or spontaneous. The anthracyclines are cell cycle-nonspecific.	Idarubicin has antimitotic and cytotoxic activity through a number of proposed mechanisms of action: Idarubicin forms complexes with DNA by intercalation between base pairs, and it inhibits topoisomerase II activity by stabilizing the DNA-topoisomerase II complex, preventing the religation portion of the ligation-religation reaction that topoisomerase II catalyzes.
DCC1530	Oxymorphone	CAS:76-41-5	C17H19NO4	small molecule	approved	301.3371	For the treatment of moderate-to-severe pain.	Oxymorphone is a semi-synthetic opioid substitute for morphine. It is a potent analgesic. Opioid analgesics exert their principal pharmacologic effects on the CNS and the gastrointestinal tract. The principal actions of therapeutic value are analgesia and sedation. Opioids produce respiratory depression by direct action on brain stem respiratory centers. The mechanism of respiratory depression involves a reduction in the responsiveness of the brain stem respiratory centers to increases in carbon dioxide tension and to electrical stimulation.	Oxymorphone interacts predominantly with the opioid mu-receptor. These mu-binding sites are discretely distributed in the human brain, with high densities in the posterior amygdala, hypothalamus, thalamus, nucleus caudatus, putamen, and certain cortical areas. They are also found on the terminal axons of primary afferents within laminae I and II (substantia gelatinosa) of the spinal cord and in the spinal nucleus of the trigeminal nerve. Also, it has been shown that oxymorphone binds to and inhibits GABA inhibitory interneurons via mu-receptors. These interneurons normally inhibit the descending pain inhibition pathway. So, without the inhibitory signals, pain modulation can proceed downstream.
DCC1579	Magnesium hydroxide	CAS:7439-95-4	H2MgO2	small molecule	experimental	58.31968	Magnesium hydroxide is used as a laxative to relieve occasional constipation (irregularity) and as an antacid to relieve indigestion, sour stomach, and heartburn.	null	The term Milk of Magnesia was first used to describe a white aqueous, mildly alkaline suspension of magnesium hydroxide formulated at about 8%w/v. Milk of magnesia is primarily used to alleviate constipation, but can also be used to relieve indigestion and heartburn. When taken internally by mouth as a laxative, the osmotic force of the magnesia suspension acts to draw fluids from the body and to retain those already within the lumen of the intestine, serving to distend the bowel, thus stimulating nerves within the colon wall, inducing peristalsis and resulting in evacuation of colonic contents. Magnesium supplements have also been shown to reduce platelet aggregation by inhibiting in the influx of calcium, a crucial component of platelet aggregation.
DCC1584	Tiotropium	CAS:186691-13-4	C19H22NO4S2	small molecule	approved	392.512	Used in the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).	Tiotropium is a long acting, antimuscarinic agent, which is often referred to as an anticholinergic. It has similar affinity to the subtypes of muscarinic receptors, M1 to M5. In the airways, it exhibits pharmacological effects through inhibition of M3 receptors at the smooth muscle leading to bronchodilation. The competitive and reversible nature of antagonism was shown with human and animal origin receptors and isolated organ preparations. In preclinical in vitro as well as in vivo studies prevention of methacholine induced bronchoconstriction effects were dose dependent and lasted longer than 24 hours. The bronchodilation following inhalation of tiotropium is predominantly a site specific effect.	Tiotropium is a muscarinic receptor antagonist, often referred to as an antimuscarinic or anticholinergic agent. Although it does not display selectivity for specific muscarinic receptors, on topical application it acts mainly on M3 muscarinic receptors located in the airways to produce smooth muscle relaxation, thus producing a bronchodilatory effect.
DCC1587	Paromomycin	CAS:1263-89-4	C23H45N5O14	small molecule	approved	615.6285	For the treatment of acute and chronic intestinal amebiasis (it is not effective in extraintestinal amebiasis). Also for the management of hepatic coma as adjunctive therapy.	Paromomycin is a broad spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by <i>Streptomyces rimosus</i> var. paromomycinus. The in vitro and in vivo antibacterial action of paromomycin closely parallels that of neomycin.	Paromomycin inhibits protein synthesis by binding to 16S ribosomal RNA. Bacterial proteins are synthesized by ribosomal RNA complexes which are composed of 2 subunits, a large subunit (50s) and small (30s) subunit, which forms a 70s ribosomal subunit. tRNA binds to the top of this ribosomal structure. Paramomycin binds to the A site, which causes defective polypeptide chains to be produced. Continuous production of defective proteins eventually leads to bacterial death.
DCC1589	Alfacalcidol	CAS:41294-56-8	C27H44O2	small molecule	approved	400.6371	Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism.	Alfacalcidol is Vitamin D-hormone analog which is activated by the enzyme 25-hydroxylase in the liver for systemic and in osteoblasts for local D-hormone actions.	The first step involved in the activation of vitamin D3 is a 25-hydroxylation which is catalysed by the 25-hydroxylase in the liver and then by other enzymes. The mitochondrial sterol 27-hydroxylase catalyses the first reaction in the oxidation of the side chain of sterol intermediates. The active form of vitamin D3 (calcitriol) binds to intracellular receptors that then function as transcription factors to modulate gene expression. Like the receptors for other steroid hormones and thyroid hormones, the vitamin D receptor has hormone-binding and DNA-binding domains. The vitamin D receptor forms a complex with another intracellular receptor, the retinoid-X receptor, and that heterodimer is what binds to DNA. In most cases studied, the effect is to activate transcription, but situations are also known in which vitamin D suppresses transcription. Calcitriol increases the serum calcium concentrations by: increasing GI absorption of phosphorus and calcium, increasing osteoclastic resorption, and increasing distal renal tubular reabsorption of calcium. Calcitriol appears to promote intestinal absorption of calcium through binding to the vitamin D receptor in the mucosal cytoplasm of the intestine. Subsequently, calcium is absorbed through formation of a calcium-binding protein.
DCC1590	Heroin	CAS:561-27-3	C21H23NO5	small molecule	approved	369.411	Used in the treatment of acute pain, myocardial infarction, acute pulmonary oedema, and chronic pain.	"The onset of heroin's effects is dependent on the method of administration. Taken orally, heroin is totally metabolized in vivo into morphine before crossing the blood-brain barrier; so the effects are the same as oral morphine. Take by injection, heroin crosses into the brain. Once in the brain, heroin is rapidly metabolized into morphine by removal of the acetyl groups, therefore, it is known as a prodrug. It is the morphine molecule that then binds with opioid receptors and produces the subjective effects of the heroin high."	Heroin is a mu-opioid agonist. It acts on endogenous mu-opioid receptors that are spread in discrete packets throughout the brain, spinal cord and gut in almost all mammals. Heroin, along with other opioids, are agonists to four endogenous neurotransmitters. They are beta-endorphin, dynorphin, leu-enkephalin, and met-enkephalin. The body responds to heroin in the brain by reducing (and sometimes stopping) production of the endogenous opioids when heroin is present. Endorphins are regularly released in the brain and nerves, attenuating pain. Their other functions are still obscure, but are probably related to the effects produced by heroin besides analgesia (antitussin, anti-diarrheal).
DCC1704	Aluminum hydroxide	null	AlH3O3	small molecule	approved	78.0036	For relief of heartburn and acid indigestion.	Gastric-peptic disease occurs as a result of an imbalance between protective factors, such as mucus, bicarbonate, and prostaglandin secretion, and aggressive factors, such as hydrochloric acid, pepsin, and Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori). Antacids work by restoring acid-base balance, attenuating the pepsin activity and increasing bicarbonate and prostaglandin secretion.	Aluminum hydroxide is a basic inorganic salt that acts by neutralizing hydrochloric acid in gastric secretions. Aluminum hydroxide is slowly solubilized in the stomach and reacts with hydrochloric acid to form aluminum chloride and water. It also inhibits the action of pepsin by increasing the pH and via adsorption. Cytoprotective effects may occur through increases in bicarbonate ion (HCO<sub>3</sub><sup>-</sup>) and prostaglandins.
DCC1705	Calcium carbonate	null	null	small molecule	approved	null	For relief of heartburn and acid indigestion. May also be used as a nutritional supplement or to treat hypocalcemia.	Gastric-peptic disease occurs as a result of an imbalance between protective factors, such as mucus, bicarbonate, and prostaglandin secretion, and aggressive factors, such as hydrochloric acid, pepsin, and <i>Helicobacter pylori</i> (<i>H. pylori</i>). Antacids work by restoring acid-base balance, attenuating the pepsin activity and increasing bicarbonate and prostaglandin secretion. The acid-neutralizing capacity of calcium carbonate is 58 mEq/15 ml. When used as a nutritional supplement, calcium carbonate acts by directly increasing calcium stores within the body.	Calcium carbonate is a basic inorganic salt that acts by neutralizing hydrochloric acid in gastric secretions. It also inhibits the action of pepsin by increasing the pH and via adsorption. Cytoprotective effects may occur through increases in bicarbonate ion (HCO<sub>3</sub><sup>-</sup>) and prostaglandins. Neutralization of hydrochloric acid results in the formation of calcium chloride, carbon dioxide and water. Approximately 90% of calcium chloride is converted to insoluble calcium salts (e.g. calcium carbonate and calcium phosphate).
DCC1702	Fosaprepitant	CAS:172673-20-0	C23H22F7N4O6P	small molecule	approved	614.4066	For the prevention of nausea and vomiting associated with highly emetogenic cancer chemotherapy.	Fosaprepitant is a prodrug of Aprepitant. Once biologically activated, the drug acts as a substance P/neurokinin 1 (NK1) receptor antagonist which, in combination with other antiemetic agents, is indicated for the prevention of acute and delayed nausea and vomiting associated with initial and repeat courses of highly emetogenic cancer chemotherapy. Aprepitant is a selective high-affinity antagonist of human substance P/neurokinin 1 (NK1) receptors. Aprepitant has little or no affinity for serotonin (5-HT<sub>3</sub>), dopamine, and corticosteroid receptors, the targets of existing therapies for chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CI NV).	Aprepitant has been shown in animal models to inhibit emesis induced by cytotoxic chemotherapeutic agents, such as cisplatin, via central actions. Animal and human Positron Emission Tomography (PET) studies with Aprepitant have shown that it crosses the blood brain barrier and occupies brain NK1 receptors. Animal and human studies show that Aprepitant augments the antiemetic activity of the 5-HT<sub>3</sub>-receptor antagonist ondansetron and the corticosteroidethasone and inhibits both the acute and delayed phases of cisplatin induced emesis.In summary, the active form of fosaprepitant is as an NK1 antagonist which is because it blocks signals given off by NK1 receptors. This therefore decreases the likelihood of vomiting in patients experiencing.
DCC1703	Buserelin	CAS:57982-77-1	null	biotech	approved	null	Buserelin is a medicine which is used in female infertility.	null	"Buserelin stimulates the pituitary gland's gonadotrophin-releasing hormone receptor (GnRHR). Buserelin desensitizes the GnRH receptor, reducing the amount of LH and testosterone. However, there is a concomitant surge in LH and testosterone levels with the decrease in androgens, so antiandrogens must administered."
DCC1707	Cabazitaxel	CAS:183133-96-2	C45H57NO14	small molecule	approved	835.9324	For treatment of patients with hormone-refractory metastatic prostate cancer previously treated with a docetaxel-containing treatment regimen.	Cabaitaxel has anti-tumour properties and is effective against docetaxel-sensitive and -insensitive tumours.	Cabazitaxel is a microtubule inhibitor. Cabazitaxel binds to tubulin and promotes its assembly into microtubules while simultaneously inhibiting disassembly. This leads to the stabilization of microtubules, which results in the interference of mitotic and interphase cellular functions. The cell is then unable to progress further into the cell cycle, being stalled at metaphase, thus triggering apoptosis of the cancer cell.
DCC1710	Plerixafor	CAS:110078-46-1	C28H54N8	small molecule	approved	502.782	"Used in combination with granulocyte-colony stimulating factor (G-CSF, filgrastim) to mobilize hematopoietic stem cells to the peripheral blood for collection and subsequent autologous transplantation in patients with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL) and multiple myeloma (MM)."	"Plerixafor is a bicyclam derivative that antagonizes CXCR4 by binding to three acidic residues in the ligand-binding pocket: Asp171, Asp262, and Glu288. Blood levels of CD34+ cells peaked at 9 hours after administration of 0.24 mg/kg plerixafor in healthy subjects. In patients that have non-Hodgkin's lymphoma or multiple myeloma, blood levels of CD34+ peaked at 6 hours. In combination with a G-CSF, circulating CD34+ cells in the peripheral blood peaked at 9-14 hours."	Plerixafor inhibits the CXCR4 chemokine receptors on CD34+ cells and reversibly blocks binding of the ligand, stromal cell-derived factor-1-alpha (SDF-1alfa). By blocking the interaction between SDF-1alfa and CXCR4 with plerixafor, mobilization of progenitor cells is triggered. Filgrastim, a granulocyte-colony stimulating factor, is added to enhance CD34+ cell mobilization, thus increasing the yield of stem cells- an important determinant of graft adequacy.
DCC1534	Rifapentine	CAS:61379-65-5	C47H64N4O12	small molecule	approved	877.0307	For the treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis.	Rifapentine is an antibiotic that inhibits DNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity in susceptible cells. Specifically, it interacts with bacterial RNA polymerase but does not inhibit the mammalian enzyme. It is bactericidal and has a very broad spectrum of activity against most gram-positive and gram-negative organisms (including Pseudomonas aeruginosa) and specifically Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Because of rapid emergence of resistant bacteria, use is restricted to treatment of mycobacterial infections and a few other indications. Rifampin is well absorbed when taken orally and is distributed widely in body tissues and fluids, including the CSF. It is metabolized in the liver and eliminated in bile and, to a much lesser extent, in urine, but dose adjustments are unnecessary with renal insufficiency.	Rifapentine has shown higher bacteriostatic and bactericidal activities especially against intracellular bacteria growing in human monocyte-derived macrophages. Rifapentine inhibits DNA-dependent RNA polymerase in susceptible strains of M. tuberculosis. Rifapentine acts via the inhibition of DNA-dependent RNA polymerase, leading to a suppression of RNA synthesis and cell death.
DCC1535	Mitoxantrone	CAS:65271-80-9	C22H28N4O6	small molecule	approved	444.4809	For the treatment of secondary (chronic) progressive, progressive relapsing, or worsening relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis	Mitoxantrone has been shown in vitro to inhibit B cell, T cell, and macrophage proliferation and impair antigen presentation, as well as the secretion of interferon gamma, TNFa, and IL-2.	Mitoxantrone, a DNA-reactive agent that intercalates into deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) through hydrogen bonding, causes crosslinks and strand breaks. Mitoxantrone also interferes with ribonucleic acid (RNA) and is a potent inhibitor of topoisomerase II, an enzyme responsible for uncoiling and repairing damaged DNA. It has a cytocidal effect on both proliferating and nonproliferating cultured human cells, suggesting lack of cell cycle phase specificity.
DCC1537	Lomustine	CAS:13010-47-4	C9H16ClN3O2	small molecule	approved	233.695	"For the treatment of primary and metastatic brain tumors as a component of combination chemotherapy in addition to appropriate surgical and/or radiotherapeutic procedures. Also used in combination with other agents as secondary therapy for the treatment of refractory or relapsed Hodgkin's disease."	Lomustine is an alkylating agent of the nitrosourea type. Lomustine and its metabolites interferes with the function of DNA and RNA. It is cell cycle&ndash;phase nonspecific. Cancers form when some cells within the body multiply uncontrollably and abnormally. These cells then spread and destroy nearby tissues. Lomustine acts by slowing this process down. It kills cancer cells by damaging the DNA (the genetic material inside the cells) and stops them from dividing.	Lomustine is a highly lipophilic nitrosourea compound which undergoes hydrolysis in vivo to form reactive metabolites. These metabolites cause alkylation and cross-linking of DNA (at the O6 position of guanine-containing bases) and RNA, thus inducing cytotoxicity. Other biologic effects include inhibition of DNA synthesis and some cell cycle phase specificity. Nitrosureas generally lack cross-resistance with other alkylating agents. As lomustine is a nitrosurea, it may also inhibit several key processes such as carbamoylation and modification of cellular proteins.
DCC1539	Anastrozole	CAS:120511-73-1	C17H19N5	small molecule	approved	293.3663	For adjuvant treatment of hormone receptor positive breast cancer , as well as hormonal treatment of advanced breast cancer in post-menopausal women. Has also been used to treat pubertal gynecomastia and McCune-Albright syndrome; however, manufacturer states that efficacy for these indications have not been established.	Anastrozole is a potent and selective non-steroidal aromatase inhibitor indicated for the treatment of advanced breast cancer in post-menopausal women with disease progression following tamoxifen therapy. Many breast cancers have estrogen receptors and growth of these tumors can be stimulated by estrogens. In post-menopausal women, the principal source of circulating estrogen (primarily estradiol) is conversion of adrenally-generated androstenedione to estrone by aromatase in peripheral tissues, such as adipose tissue, with further conversion of estrone to estradiol. Many breast cancers also contain aromatase; the importance of tumor-generated estrogens is uncertain. Treatment of breast cancer has included efforts to decrease estrogen levels by ovariectomy premenopausally and by use of anti-estrogens and progestational agents both pre- and post-menopausally, and these interventions lead to decreased tumor mass or delayed progression of tumor growth in some women. Anastrozole is a potent and selective non-steroidal aromatase inhibitor. It significantly lowers serum estradiol concentrations and has no detectable effect on formation of adrenal corticosteroids or aldosterone.	Anastrozole selectively inhibits aromatase. The principal source of circulating estrogen (primarily estradiol) is conversion of adrenally-generated androstenedione to estrone by aromatase in peripheral tissues. Therefore, aromatase inhibition leads to a decrease in serum and tumor concentration of estrogen, leading to a decreased tumor mass or delayed progression of tumor growth in some women. Anastrozole has no detectable effect on synthesis of adrenal corticosteroids, aldosterone, and thyroid hormone.
DCC1541	Quetiapine	CAS:111974-69-7	C21H25N3O2S	small molecule	approved	383.507	For the treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders.	"Quetiapine is a psychotropic agent belonging to the chemical class of benzisoxazole derivatives and is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia. Quetiapine is a selective monoaminergic antagonist with high affinity for the serotonin Type 2 (5HT<sub>2</sub>), and dopamine type 2 (D2) receptors. Quetiapine is an antagonist at serotonin 5-HT<sub>1A</sub> and 5HT<sub>2</sub>, dopamine D1 and D2, histamine H1, and adrenergic alpha 1 and alpha 2 receptors. Quetiapine has no significant affinity for cholinergic muscarinic or benzodiazepine receptors. Drowsiness and orthostatic hypotension associated with use of quetiapine may be explained by its antagonism of histamine H1 and adrenergic alpha 1 receptors, respectively. Quetiapine's antagonism of adrenergic a1 receptors may explain the orthostatic hypotension observed with this drug."	"Quetiapine's antipsychotic activity is likely due to a combination of antagonism at D2 receptors in the mesolimbic pathway and 5HT2A receptors in the frontal cortex. Antagonism at D2 receptors relieves positive symptoms while antagonism at 5HT2A receptors relieves negative symptoms of schizophrenia."
DCC1593	Dextroamphetamine	CAS:51-64-9	C9H13N	small molecule	approved	135.2062	Used to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).	Amphetamines such as dextroamphetamine are noncatecholamine, sympathomimetic amines with CNS stimulant activity. Peripheral actions include elevations of systolic and diastolic blood pressures and weak bronchodilator and respiratory stimulant action. There is neither specific evidence that clearly establishes the mechanism whereby amphetamines produce mental and behavioral effects in children, nor conclusive evidence regarding how these effects relate to the condition of the central nervous system.	The exact mechanism of action is not known. Dextroamphetamine stimulates the release of norepinephrine from central adrenergic receptors. At higher dosages, it causes release of dopamine from the mesocorticolimbic system and the nigrostriatal dopamine systems by reversal of the monoamine transporters. Dextroamphetamine may also act as a direct agonist on central 5-HT receptors and may inhibit monoamine oxidase (MAO). In the periphery, amphetamines are believed to cause the release of noradrenaline by acting on the adrenergic nerve terminals and alpha- and beta-receptors. Modulation of serotonergic pathways may contribute to the calming affect.
DCC1594	Chenodeoxycholic acid	CAS:128-13-2	C24H40O4	small molecule	approved	392.572	The drug reduces cholesterol absorption and is used to dissolve (cholesterol) gallstones in patients who want an alternative to surgery.	Ursodiol (also known as ursodeoxycholic acid) is one of the secondary bile acids, which are metabolic byproducts of intestinal bacteria. Primary bile acids are produced by the liver and stored in the gall bladder. When secreted into the colon, primary bile acids can be metabolized into secondary bile acids by intestinal bacteria. Primary and secondary bile acids help the body digest fats. Ursodeoxycholic acid helps regulate cholesterol by reducing the rate at which the intestine absorbs cholesterol molecules while breaking up micelles containing cholesterol. Because of this property, ursodeoxycholic acid is used to treat gall stones non-surgically.	"Ursodeoxycholic acid reduces elevated liver enzyme levels by facilitating bile flow through the liver and protecting liver cells.The main mechanism if anticholelithic. Although the exact process of ursodiol's anticholelithic action is not completely understood, it is thought that the drug is concentrated in bile and decreases biliary cholesterol by suppressing hepatic synthesis and secretion of cholesterol and by inhibiting its intestinal absorption. The reduced cholesterol saturation permits the gradual solubilization of cholesterol from gallstones, resulting in their eventual dissolution."
DCC1595	Solifenacin	CAS:242478-37-1	C27H32N2O6	small molecule	approved	480.5528	For the treatment of overactive bladder with symptoms of urge urinary incontinence, urgency, and urinary frequency.	Solifenacin is a competitive muscarinic receptor antagonist. Muscarinic receptors play an important role in several major cholinergically mediated functions, including contractions of urinary bladder smooth muscle and stimulation of salivary secretion.	Solifenacin is a competitive muscarinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. The binding of acetylcholine to these receptors, particularly the M3 receptor subtype, plays a critical role in the contraction of smooth muscle. By preventing the binding of acetylcholine to these receptors, solifenacin reduces smooth muscle tone in the bladder, allowing the bladder to retain larger volumes of urine and reducing the number of incontinence episodes.
DCC1599	Deferasirox	CAS:201530-41-8	C21H15N3O4	small molecule	approved	373.3615	For the treatment of chronic iron overload due to blood transfusions (transfusional hemosiderosis) in patients 2 years of age and older.	Deferasirox is an orally active chelator that is selective for iron (as Fe3+). It is a tridentate ligand that binds iron with high affinity in a 2:1 ratio. Although deferasirox has very low affinity for zinc and copper there are variable decreases in the serum concentration of these trace metals after the administration of deferasirox. The clinical significance of these decreases is uncertain.	Two molecules of deferasirox are capable of binding to 1 atom of iron. Deferasirox works in treating iron toxicity by binding trivalent (ferric) iron (for which it has a strong affinity), forming a stable complex which is eliminated via the kidneys.
DCC1601	Hydroxychloroquine	CAS:118-42-3	C18H26ClN3O	small molecule	approved	335.872	For the suppressive treatment and treatment of acute attacks of malaria due to <i>Plasmodium vivax</i>, <i>P. malariae</i>, <i>P. ovale</i>, and susceptible strains of <i>P. falciparum</i>. It is also indicated for the treatment of discoid and systemic lupus erythematosus, and rheumatoid arthritis.	Hydroxychloroquine possesses antimalarial properties and also exerts a beneficial effect in lupus erythematosus (chronic discoid or systemic) and acute or chronic rheumatoid arthritis. The precise mechanism of action is not known.	Although the exact mechanism of action is unknown, it may be based on ability of hydroxychloroquine to bind to and alter DNA. Hydroxychloroquine has also has been found to be taken up into the acidic food vacuoles of the parasite in the erythrocyte. This increases the pH of the acid vesicles, interfering with vesicle functions and possibly inhibiting phospholipid metabolism. In suppressive treatment, hydroxychloroquine inhibits the erythrocytic stage of development of plasmodia. In acute attacks of malaria, it interrupts erythrocytic schizogony of the parasite. Its ability to concentrate in parasitized erythrocytes may account for their selective toxicity against the erythrocytic stages of plasmodial infection. As an antirheumatic, hydroxychloroquine is thought to act as a mild immunosuppressant, inhibiting the production of rheumatoid factor and acute phase reactants. It also accumulates in white blood cells, stabilizing lysosomal membranes and inhibiting the activity of many enzymes, including collagenase and the proteases that cause cartilage breakdown.
DCC1613	Prostaglandin	CAS:13367-85-6	C20H30O4	small molecule	experimental	334.4498	Treatment and regulation of activity of the female reproductive tract	The prostaglandins are a group of lipid compounds that are derived enzymatically from fatty acids and have important functions in the animal body. Every prostaglandin contains 20 carbon atoms, including a 5-carbon ring.	Prostaglandins are not endocrine hormones, but autocrine or paracrine, which are locally acting messenger molecules. They differ from hormones in that they are not produced at a discrete site but in many places throughout the human body. Also, their target cells are present in the immediate vicinity of the site of their secretion (of which there are many).
DCC1719	Ticagrelor	CAS:274693-27-5	C23H28F2N6O4S	small molecule	approved	522.568	For the prevention of thrombotic events (for example stroke or heart attack) in patients with acute coronary syndrome or myocardial infarction with ST elevation.	"Plasma concentrations of ticagrelor are slightly increased (12-23%) in elderly patients, women, patients of Asian ethnicity, and patients with mild hepatic impairment. They are decreased in patients that described themselves as 'coloured' and such with severe renal impairment. These differences are considered clinically irrelevant. In Japanese people, concentrations are 40% higher than in Caucasians, or 20% after body weight correction. The drug has not been tested in patients with severe hepatic impairment."	Like the thienopyridines prasugrel, clopidogrel and ticlopidine, ticagrelor blocks adenosine diphosphate (ADP) receptors of subtype P2Y12. In contrast to the other antiplatelet drugs, ticagrelor has a binding site different from ADP, making it an allosteric antagonist, and the blockage is reversible. Moreover, the drug does not need hepatic activation, which might work better for patients with genetic variants regarding the enzyme CYP2C19 (although it is not certain whether clopidogrel is significantly influenced by such variants).
DCC1828	Flurandrenolide	CAS:1524-88-5	C24H33FO6	small molecule	approved	436.5136	For relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses, particularly dry, scaling localized lesions.	A corticosteroid used topically in the treatment of various skin disorders. It is usually employed as a cream or an ointment, and is also used as a polyethylene tape with an adhesive.	Flurandrenolide is a topical corticosteroid. It is normally applied to a plastic tape called Cordran. Cordran is primarily effective because of its anti-inflammatory, antipruritic, and vasoconstrictive actions. Flurandrenolide, which is slowly released from the Cordran tape, binds to the cytosolic glucocorticoid receptor. After binding the receptor the newly formed receptor-ligand complex translocates itself into the cell nucleus, where it binds to many glucocorticoid response elements (GRE) in the promoter region of the target genes. The DNA bound receptor then interacts with basic transcription factors, causing the increase in expression of specific target genes. The anti-inflammatory actions of corticosteroids are thought to involve lipocortins, phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins which, through inhibition arachidonic acid, control the biosynthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes.
DCC1829	Guanethidine monosulfate	CAS:645-43-2	C10H22N4. H2SO4	small molecule	approved	296.387	For the treatment of moderate and severe hypertension, either alone or as an adjunct, and for the treatment of renal hypertension.	An antihypertensive agent that acts by inhibiting selectively transmission in post-ganglionic adrenergic nerves. It is believed to act mainly by preventing the release of norepinephrine at nerve endings and causes depletion of norepinephrine in peripheral sympathetic nerve terminals as well as in tissues.	Guanethidine acts at the sympathetic neuroeffector junction by inhibiting or interfering with the release and/or distribution of norepinephrine, rather than acting at the effector cell by inhibiting the association of norepinephrine with its receptors. It is taken up by norepinephrine transporters. It becomes concentrated in NE transmitter vesicles, replacing NE in these vesicles. This leads to a gradual depletion of NE stores in the nerve endings. Once inside the terminal it blocks the release of noradrenaline in response to arrival of an action potential. In contrast to ganglionic blocking agents, Guanethidine suppresses equally the responses mediated by alpha-and beta-adrenergic receptors but does not produce parasympathetic blockade. Since sympathetic blockade results in modest decreases in peripheral resistance and cardiac output, Guanethidine lowers blood pressure in the supine position. It further reduces blood pressure by decreasing the degree of vasoconstriction that normally results from reflex sympathetic nervous activity upon assumption of the upright posture, thus reducing venous return and cardiac output more.
DCC1830	Hydroflumethiazide	CAS:135-09-1	C8H8F3N3O4S2	small molecule	approved	331.292	Used as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy. Also used in the management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effect of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension.	A thiazide diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide.	Hydroflumethiazide is a thiazide diuretic that inhibits water reabsorption in the nephron by inhibiting the sodium-chloride symporter (SLC12A3) in the distal convoluted tubule, which is responsible for 5% of total sodium reabsorption. Normally, the sodium-chloride symporter transports sodium and chloride from the lumen into the epithelial cell lining the distal convoluted tubule. The energy for this is provided by a sodium gradient established by sodium-potassium ATPases on the basolateral membrane. Once sodium has entered the cell, it is transported out into the basolateral interstitium via the sodium-potassium ATPase, causing an increase in the osmolarity of the interstitium, thereby establishing an osmotic gradient for water reabsorption. By blocking the sodium-chloride symporter, Hydroflumethiazide effectively reduces the osmotic gradient and water reabsorption throughout the nephron.
DCC1831	Hydroxyamphetamine	CAS:306-21-8	C9H13NO. HBr	small molecule	approved	232.1176	Hydroxyamphetamine is sold in combination with tropicamide under the brand name Paremyd, it dilates the pupil.	Hydroxyamphetamine is a sympathomimetic drug, that is, a drug that stimulates the sympathetic nervous system.	It occurs as a metabolite of amphetamine. It is an agonist of human TAAR1.
DCC1833	Isopropyl alcohol	CAS:67-63-0	C3H8O	small molecule	approved	60.095	It is is a liquid prepared and used primarily for topical application.	It is a colorless, flammable chemical compound with a strong odor.	null
DCC1834	Magnesium trisilicate	CAS:39365-87-2	3Si. 2Mg. 8O. xH2O	small molecule	approved	null	It is used as a food additive or antiacid agents.	null	null
DCC1836	Mequinol	CAS:150-76-5	C7H8O2	small molecule	approved	124.1372	It is used to treat age spots, liver spots, and sun spots, also called solar lentigines.	Mequinol is a drug used in combination with the drug tretinoin in the treatment of liver spots.	Mequinol affects chemicals in the skin that create pigmentation or darkening
DCC1542	Enoxaparin	CAS:9005-49-6	C26H42N2O37S5	small molecule	approved	1134.928	For the prophylaxis of deep vein thrombosis, which may lead to pulmonary embolism, and also for the prophylaxis of ischemic complications of unstable angina and non-Q-wave myocardial infarction, when concurrently administered with aspirin.	Enoxaparin is a highly acidic mucopolysaccharide formed of equal parts of sulfated D-glucosamine and D-glucuronic acid with sulfaminic bridges. The molecular weight ranges from 3800 to 5000 daltons. Enoxaparin occurs in and is obtained from liver, lung, mast cells, etc., of vertebrates. Enoxaparin is a well known and commonly used anticoagulant which has antithrombotic properties. Enoxaparin inhibits reactions that lead to the clotting of blood and the formation of fibrin clots both in vitro and in vivo. Enoxaparin acts at multiple sites in the normal coagulation system. Small amounts of enoxaparin in combination with antithrombin III (enoxaparin cofactor) can inhibit thrombosis by inactivating activated Factor X and inhibiting the conversion of prothrombin to thrombin. Once active thrombosis has developed, larger amounts of enoxaparin can inhibit further coagulation by inactivating thrombin and preventing the conversion of fibrinogen to fibrin. Enoxaparin also prevents the formation of a stable fibrin clot by inhibiting the activation of the fibrin stabilizing factor. Its use should be avoided in patients with a creatinine clearance less than 20mL/min. In these patients, unfractionated heparin should only be used. As for monitoring, active partial thromboplastin time (aPTT) will only increase at high doses of low molecular weight heparins (LMWH). Therefore, monitoring aPTT is not recommended. However, anti-Xa activity can be measured to monitor the efficacy of the LMWH.	The mechanism of action of enoxaparin is antithrombin-dependent. It acts mainly by accelerating the rate of the neutralization of certain activated coagulation factors by antithrombin, but other mechanisms may also be involved. The antithrombotic effect of enoxaparin is well correlated to the inhibition of factor Xa. Enoxaparin interacts with Antithrombin III, Prothrombin and Factor X. Enoxaparin binds to and accelerates the activity of antithrombin III. By activating antithrombin III, enoxaparin preferentially potentiates the inhibition of coagulation factors Xa and IIa.
DCC1545	Metoclopramide	CAS:364-62-5	C14H22ClN3O2	small molecule	approved	299.796	For the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). It is also used in treating nausea and vomiting, and to increase gastric emptying.	Metoclopramide, although chemically related to procainamide, does not possess local anesthetic or antiarrhythmic properties. Metoclopramide is used to enhance GI motility, to treat diabetic gastroparesis, as an antinauseant, and to facilitate intubation of the small bowel during radiologic examination. Metoclopramide may be used to treat chemotherapy-induced emesis and as a radiosensitizing agents in the treatment of non-small cell lung carcinoma and glioblastomas in the future.	"Metoclopramide inhibits gastric smooth muscle relaxation produced by dopamine, therefore increasing cholinergic response of the gastrointestinal smooth muscle. It accelerates intestinal transit and gastric emptying by preventing relaxation of gastric body and increasing the phasic activity of antrum. Simultaneously, this action is accompanied by relaxation of the upper small intestine, resulting in an improved coordination between the body and antrum of the stomach and the upper small intestine. Metoclopramide also decreases reflux into the esophagus by increasing the resting pressure of the lower esophageal sphincter and improves acid clearance from the esophagus by increasing amplitude of esophageal peristaltic contractions. Metoclopramide's dopamine antagonist action raises the threshold of activity in the chemoreceptor trigger zone and decreases the input from afferent visceral nerves. Studies have also shown that high doses of metoclopramide can antagonize 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) receptors in the peripheral nervous system in animals."
DCC1546	Aripiprazole	CAS:129722-12-9	C23H27Cl2N3O2	small molecule	approved	448.385	For the treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders.	"Aripiprazole is a psychotropic agent belonging to the chemical class of benzisoxazole derivatives and is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia. Aripiprazole is a selective monoaminergic antagonist with high affinity for the serotonin Type 2 (5HT2), dopamine Type 2 (D2), 1 and 2 adrenergic, and H1 histaminergic receptors. Aripiprazole acts as an antagonist at other receptors, but with lower potency. Antagonism at receptors other than dopamine and 5HT2 with similar receptor affinities may explain some of the other therapeutic and side effects of Aripiprazole. Aripiprazole's antagonism of histamine H1 receptors may explain the somnolence observed with this drug. Aripiprazole's antagonism of adrenergic a1 receptors may explain the orthostatic hypotension observed with this drug."	"Aripiprazole's antipsychotic activity is likely due to a combination of antagonism at D2 receptors in the mesolimbic pathway and 5HT2A receptors in the frontal cortex. Antagonism at D2 receptors relieves positive symptoms while antagonism at 5HT2A receptors relieves negative symptoms of schizophrenia."
DCC1614	Terlipressin	CAS:14636-12-5	C52H74N16O15S2	small molecule	approved	1227.372	Commonly used to stop bleeding of varices in the food pipe (oesophagus).	Terlipressin is a medicine similar to a naturally occurring hormone present in the body, known as antidiuretic hormone (ADH) or vasopressin. ADH has two main effects in the body. Firstly, it causes narrowing of blood vessels (vasoconstriction), thereby limiting blood flow to a particular area of the body. It also acts on receptors in the kidney to retain water in the body, which helps to prevent excessive loss of water in the urine.	Terlipressin, an analogue of vasopressin, acts on three different receptors, vasopressin receptor V1a (which initiates vasoconstriction, liver gluconeogenesis, platelet aggregation and release of factor VIII), vasopressin receptor V1b (which mediates corticotrophin secretion from the pituitary) and vasopressin receptor V2 which controls free water reabsorption in the renal medullar. The binding of terlipressin to the V2 receptor activates adenylate cyclase which causes the release of aquaporin 2 channels into the cells lining the renal medullar duct. This allows water to be reabsorbed down an osmotic gradient so the urine is more concentrated.
DCC1615	Niacinamide	CAS:98-92-0	C6H6N2O	small molecule	experimental	122.1246	"Used in skin care products, Alzheimer's Disease"	Nicotinamide, also known as niacinamide and nicotinic amide, is the amide of nicotinic acid. Nicotinamide is a water-soluble vitamin and is part of the vitamin B group.	In cells, niacin is incorporated into nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADP), although the pathways for nicotinic acid amide and nicotinic acid are very similar. NAD+ and NADP+ are coenzymes in a wide variety of enzymatic oxidation-reduction reactions. Nicotinamide acts as a chemo- and radio-sensitizing agent by enhancing tumor blood flow, thereby reducing tumor hypoxia. Niacinamide also inhibits poly(ADP-ribose) polymerases (PARP-1), enzymes involved in the rejoining of DNA strand breaks induced by radiation or chemotherapy.
DCC1622	1-propanol	CAS:71-23-8	C3H8O	small molecule	experimental	60.095	Used as a solvent and antiseptic	It is formed naturally in small amounts during many fermentation processes and used as a solvent in the pharmaceutical industry mainly for resins and cellulose esters.	Propanol might be much more convenient than ethanol for inhalation because of its potency with nebulizers.
DCC1624	Uracil	CAS:66-22-8	C4H4N2O2	small molecule	experimental	112.0868	Uracil is comined with tegafur used in the treatment of cancer, primarily bowel cancer.	Uracil is a common and naturally occurring pyrimidine derivative.	Uracil can be used for drug delivery and as a pharmaceutical. When elemental fluorine is reacted with uracil, 5-fluorouracil is produced. 5-Fluorouracil is an anticancer drug (antimetabolite) used to masquerade as uracil during the nucleic acid replication process.
DCC1625	Deoxycholate	CAS:83-44-3	C24H40O4	small molecule	investigational	392.572	Used in experimental basis of cholagogues and also used to prevent and dissolve gallstones.	In the human body deoxycholic acid is used in the emulsification of fats for the absorption in the intestine. It has, in some countries (including Switzerland) been licensed as an emulsifier in food industry, but it is no longer common. Outside the body it is used in experimental basis of cholagogues and is also in use to prevent and dissolve gallstones.	Some European publications point towards the effect of DCA as an immunostimulant of the unspecific immune system, activating its main actors, the macrophages. According to these publications, a sufficient amount of DCA in the human body would correspond with a good immune reaction of the unspecific immune system. Clinical studies conducted in the 1970s and 1980s confirm the expectation, that DCA is involved in the natural healing processes of local inflammations, different types of herpes, and possibly cancer.
DCC1628	Fotemustine	CAS:92118-27-9	C9H19ClN3O5P	small molecule	experimental	315.691	Treatment of metastasising melanoma and relapsing or refractory multiple myeloma.	Fotemustine produces improved response rates and but does not increase survival (over dacarbazine in the treatment of disseminated cutaneous melanoma.	null
DCC1637	Maraviroc	CAS:376348-65-1	C29H41F2N5O	small molecule	approved	513.6655	For treatment-experienced adult patients infected with only CCR5-tropic HIV-1 detectable, who have evidence of viral replication and HIV-1 strains resistant to multiple antiretroviral agents.	Maraviroc is a chemokine receptor antagonist drug developed by the drug company Pfizer that is designed to act against HIV by interfering with the interaction between HIV and CCR5.	Maraviroc is an entry inhibitor and works by blocking HIV from entering human cells. Specifically maraviroc is a selective, slowly reversible, small molecule antagonist of the interaction between human CCR5 and HIV-1 gp120. Maraviroc selectively binds to the human chemokine receptor CCR5 present on the membrane of CD4 cells (T-cells), preventing the interaction of HIV-1 gp120 and CCR5 necessary for CCR5-tropic HIV-1 to enter cells.
DCC1639	Ixabepilone	CAS:219989-84-1	C27H42N2O5S	small molecule	approved	506.698	"Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, head and neck cancer, melanoma, lung cancer, lymphoma (non-hodgkin's), prostate cancer, renal cell carcinoma, and cancer/tumors (unspecified)."		Binding of Ixabepilone to beta-tubulins (e.g. beta-III tubulin) stabilizes microtubules. Microtubules are essential to cell division, and epothilones therefore stop cells from properly dividing. Like taxol, Ixabepilone binds to the beta-tubulin heterodimer subunit. Once bound, the rate of beta-tubulin dissociation decreases, thus stabilizing the microtubules.
DCC1641	Nebivolol	CAS:99200-09-6	C22H25F2NO4	small molecule	approved	405.435	"Nebivolol is indicated for the treatment of hypertension, to lower blood pressure used alone or in combination with other antihypertensive agents. "	Nebivolol is a competitive and highly selective beta-1 receptor antagonist with mild vasodilating properties, possibly due to an interaction with the L-arginine/nitric oxide pathway. In preclinical studies, nebivolol has been shown to induce endothelium-dependent arterial relaxation in a dose dependent manner, by stimulation of the release of endothelial nitric oxide. Nitric oxide acts to relax vascular smooth muscle cells and inhibits platelet aggregation and adhesion.	Nebivolol is a selective beta1-receptor antagonist. Activation of beta1-receptors by epinephrine increases the heart rate and the blood pressure, and the heart consumes more oxygen. Nebivolol blocks these receptors which reverses the effects of epinephrine, lowering the heart rate and blood pressure. In addition, beta blockers prevent the release of renin, which is a hormone produced by the kidneys which leads to constriction of blood vessels. At high enough  concentrations, this drug may also bind beta 2 receptors.
DCC1726	Pitavastatin	CAS:147511-69-1	C25H24FNO4	small molecule	approved	421.4608	Pitavastatin is used to lower serum levels of total cholesterol, LDL-C, apolipoprotein B, and triglycerides, and raise levels of HDL-C for the treatment of dyslipidemia.	The magnitude of LDL-C reduction by pitavastatin (2 mg and 4 mg) is comparable to atorvastatin (10 mg and 20 mg) and simvastatin (20 mg and 40 mg). It also does not prolong the QTc interval to a clinically significant degree.	Pitavastatin is lipid-lowering agent that works to control the synthesis of cholesterol via competitive inhibition of the liver enzyme, 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase. As a result, a compensatory increase in LDL-receptor expression can be observed which facilitates an increase LDL catabolism.
DCC1727	Rilpivirine	CAS:500287-72-9	C22H18N6	small molecule	approved	366.4185	Treatment of HIV-1 infections in treatment-naive patients in combination with at least 2 other antiretroviral agents.	Rilpivirine is the most potent NNRTI and has a EC50 of 0.73 nM in vitro against HIV-1 because its chemical structure allowed for better binding to reverse transcriptase.	Rilpivirine is an NNRTI which binds to reverse transcriptase which results in a block in RNA and DNA- dependent DNA polymerase activities. One such activity is HIV-1 replication. Intracellular phosphorylation is not necessary for its antiviral activity. Because of the structure of rilpivirine is flexible around the aromatic rings, the molecule can have multiple conformations so that can bind to residues in the reverse transcriptase enzyme which have a lower mutation rate.
DCC1728	Brentuximab vedotin	CAS:914088-09-8	null	small molecule	approved	null	Used in the treatment of Hodgkin lymphoma and systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma.	Brentuximag vedotin causes apoptosis of tumor cells by preventing cell cycle progression of the G2 to M phase through disruption of the cytosolic mictrotuble network.	Brentuximab vedotin is composed of 3 parts: a chimeric human-murine IgG1 that targets CD30, monomethyl auristatin E (MMAE),which is a microtubule disrupting agent, and a protease-susceptible linker that covalently links the antibody and MMAE. The IgG1 antibody enables brentuximab vedotin to target tumor cells expressing CD30 on their cell surface then brentuximab vedotin gets internalized into the cell. Once inside, the linker is cleaved releasing MMAE which binds disrupts the microtuble network.
DCC1733	Teriflunomide	CAS:163451-81-8	null	small molecule	approved	null	Used in the treatment of relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (MS).	Teriflunomide is an immunomodulatory agent that decreases the amount of activated CNS lymphocytes, which results in anti-inflammatory and antiproliferative effects.	The exact mechanism by which teriflunomide acts in MS is not known. What is known is that teriflunomide prevents pyrimidine synthesis by inhibiting the mitochondrial enzymedihydroorotate dehydrogenase, and this may be involved in its immunomodulatory effect in MS.
DCC1736	Aflibercept	CAS:862111-32-8	C4318H6788N1164O1304S32	biotech	approved	115 kDa	The opthalmic agent is used for the treatment of neovascular (wet) age-related mascular degeneration (AMD) and macular edema following central retinal vein occulsion (CRVO). The systemic injection, known as ziv-aflibercept, in combination with 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, irinotecan-(FOLFIRI), is for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer that is resistant to or progressed following treatment with oxaliplatin.	Compared to other anti-VEGF drugs like bevacizumab and ranibizumab, aflibercept has a higher binding affinity to VEGF-A (Kd = 0.5 pM).	Ablibercept is a recombinant fusion protein that acts as a decoy receptor for the ligands, vascular endothelial growth factor-A (VEGF-A) and placental growth factor (PIGF). It prevents these ligands to binding to endothelial receptors, VEGFR-1 and VEGFR-2, to suppress neovascularization and decrease vascular permeability. This ultimately will slow vision loss or the progression of metastatic colorectal cancer.
DCC1737	Carfilzomib	CAS:868540-17-4	C40H57N5O7	small molecule	approved	719.9099	Carfilzomib is indicated for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least two prior therapies including bortezomib and an immunomodulatory agent and have demonstrated disease progression on or within 60 days of completion of the last therapy. Approval is based on response rate.	Intravenous carfilzomib administration resulted in suppression of proteasome chymotrypsin-like activity when measured in blood 1 hour after the first dose. On Day 1 of Cycle 1, proteasome inhibition in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) ranged from 79% to 89% at 15 mg/m2, and from 82% to 83% at 20 mg/m2. In addition, carfilzomib administration resulted in inhibition of the LMP2 and MECL1 subunits of the immunoproteasome ranging from 26% to 32% and 41% to 49%, respectively, at 20 mg/m2.  Proteasome inhibition was maintained for ~48 hours following the first dose of carfilzomib for each week of dosing. Resistance against carfilzomib has been observed and although the mechanism has not been confirmed, it is thought that up-regulation of P-glycoprotein may be a contributing factor. Furthermore, studies suggest that carfilzomib is more potent than bortezomib.	Carfilzomib is made up of four modified peptides and acts as a proteasome inhibitor. Carfilzomib irreversibly and selectively binds to N-terminal threonine-containing active sites of the 20S proteasome, the proteolytic core particle within the 26S proteasome.  This 20S core has 3 catalytic active sites: the chymotrypsin, trypsin, and caspase-like sites. Inhibition of the chymotrypsin-like site by carfilzomib (¿_5 and ¿_5i subunits) is the most effective target in decreasing cellular proliferation, ultimately resulting in cell cycle arrest and apoptosis of cancerous cells. At higher doses, carfilzomib will inhibit the trypsin-and capase-like sites.
DCC1722	Azilsartan	CAS:147403-03-0	C30H24N4O8	small molecule	approved	568.5336	Treatment of hypertension (alone or as an adjunct).	Azilsartan medoxomil decreases the pressor effect of angiotensin II. In response, angiotensin I, angiotensin II, and renin are increased while aldosterone is decreased.	"Azilsartan medoxomil blocks the angiotensin II type 1 receptor preventing angiotensin II from binding and causing vasoconstriction. Azilsartan's ability to remain tightly bound to AT1 receptors for very long periods after drug washout is among its most unusual features."
DCC1723	Deferiprone	CAS:30652-11-0	C7H9NO2	small molecule	approved	139.1519	Deferiprone is indicated in thalassemia syndromes when first line chelation agents are not adequate to treat transfusional iron overload.		Deferiprone is an iron chelator that binds to ferric ions (iron III) and forms a 3:1 (deferiprone:iron) stable complex and is then eliminated in the urine. Deferiprone is more selective for iron in which other metals such as zinc, copper, and aluminum have a lower affinity for deferiprone.
DCC1548	Clomipramine	CAS:303-49-1	C19H23ClN2	small molecule	approved	314.852	"May be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette's disorder).Unlabeled indications include: depression, panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy (limited evidence), autistic disorder (limited evidence), trichotillomania (limited evidence), onchophagia (limited evidence), stuttering (limited evidence), premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome."	Clomipramine, a tricyclic antidepressant, is the 3-chloro derivative of Imipramine. It was thought that tricyclic antidepressants work exclusively by inhibiting the re-uptake of the neurotransmitters norepinephrine and serotonin by nerve cells. However, this response occurs immediately, yet mood does not lift for around two weeks. It is now thought that changes occur in receptor sensitivity in the cerebral cortex and hippocampus. The hippocampus is part of the limbic system, a part of the brain involved in emotions. Presynaptic receptors are affected: alpha<sub>1</sub> and beta<sub>1</sub> receptors are sensitized, alpha<sub>2</sub> receptors are desensitized (leading to increased noradrenaline production). Tricyclics are also known as effective analgesics for different types of pain, especially neuropathic or neuralgic pain.	Clomipramine is a strong, but not completely selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SRI), as the active main metabolite desmethyclomipramine acts preferably as an inhibitor of noradrenaline reuptake. alpha<sub>1</sub>-receptor blockage and beta-down-regulation have been noted and most likely play a role in the short term effects of clomipramine. A blockade of sodium-channels and NDMA-receptors might, as with other tricyclics, account for its effect in chronic pain, in particular the neuropathic type.
DCC1551	Lisdexamfetamine	CAS:608137-32-2	C15H25N3O	small molecule	approved	263.3785	For the treatment of Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in pediatric populations aged 6 to 12 years.	Lisdexamfetamine is a pro-drug of dextroamphetamine. It works primarily by inducing the release of the neurotransmitters dopamine and norepinephrine from their storage areas in nerve terminals. Both of these transmitters contribute to maintaining alertness, increasing focus, and sustaining thought, effort, and motivation.	Lisdexamfetamine is a pro-drug of dextroamphetamine. Amphetamines are thought to block the reuptake of norepinephrine and dopamine into the presynaptic neuron and increase the release of these monoamines into the extraneuronal space. Norepinephrine and dopamine contribute to maintaining alertness, increasing focus, and sustaining thought, effort, and motivation. However, the exact therapeutic action in ADHD is not known.
DCC1552	Darunavir	CAS:206361-99-1	C27H37N3O7S	small molecule	approved	547.664	Darunavir, co-administered with ritonavir, and with other antiretroviral agents, is indicated for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection in antiretroviral treatment-experienced adult patients, such as those with HIV-1 strains resistant to more than one protease inhibitor.	Darunavir is an inhibitor of the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) protease.  In studies, the drug, co-administered with ritonavir in combination therapy, significantly reduced viral load and increased CD4 cell counts in this treatment-experienced patient population (Tibotec, 2006, Product Monograph, Prezista 2006). Darunavir is used as an adjunct therapy with low dose ritonavir, which inhibits cytochrome P450 3A (CYP3A) which increases the bioavailability and half life of darunavir.	"Darunavir is a HIV protease inhibitor which prevents HIV replication by binding to the enzyme's active site, thereby preventing the dimerization and the catalytic activity of the HIV-1 protease. Darunavir selectively inhibits the cleavage of HIV encoded Gag-Pol polyproteins in virus-infected cells, which prevents the formation of mature infectious virus particles. Structual analyses suggests that the close contact that darunavir has with the main chains of the protease active site amino acids (Asp-29 and Asp-30) is an important contributing factor to its potency and wide spectrum of activity against multi-protease inhibitor resistant HIV-1 variants. Darunavir can also adapt to the changing shape of a protease enzyme because of its molecular flexibility. Darunavir is known to bind to two distinct sites on the enzyme: the active site cavity and the surface of one of the flexible flaps in the protease dimer."
DCC1555	Panitumumab	CAS:339177-26-3	null	biotech	approved	null	For the treatment of EGFR-expressing, metastatic colorectal carcinoma that is refractory to fluoropyrimidine-, oxaliplatin-, and irinotecan- containing chemotherapy regimens.	Panitumumab is a recombinant, human IgG2 kappa monoclonal antibody that binds specifically to the human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR). EGFR is a transmembrane glycoprotein that belongs to the subfamily of type I receptor tyrosine kinases. Although EGFR is expressed in normal cells, the overexpression of EGFR is detected in many human cancers, including those of the colon and rectum. Interaction of EGFR with its normal ligands causes phosphorylation and activation of a series of intracellular proteins that will in turn regulate the transcription of genes involved with cellular growth and survival, motility, and prolieration. Signal transduction through EGFR leads to the activation of the wild type KRAS gene, but the presence of an activating somatic mutation of the KRAS gene within a cancer cell can result in the dysregulation of signaling pathways and resistance to EGFR inhibitor therapy.	Panitumumab binds specifically to EGFR on both normal and tumor cells, and competitively inhibits the binding of ligands for EGFR. Nonclinical studies show that binding of panitumumab to the EGFR prevents ligand-induced receptor autophosphorylation and activation of receptor-associated kinases, resulting in inhibition of cell growth, induction of apoptosis, decreased pro-inflammatory cytokine and vascular growth factor production, and internalization of the EGFR.
DCC1644	Voglibose	CAS:83480-29-9	C10H21NO7	small molecule	approved	267.2762	For the treatment of diabetes. It is specifically used for lowering post-prandial blood glucose levels thereby reducing the risk of macrovascular complications.	Voglibose, an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor, is a synthetic compound with potent and enduring therapeutic efficacies against disorders of sensory, motor and autonomic nerve systems due to diabetes mellitus. The drug was approved in Japan in 1994 for the treatment of diabetes, and it is under further investigation by Takeda for the treatment of impaired glucose tolerance. Alpha-glucosidase inhibitors are oral anti-diabetic drugs used for diabetes mellitus type 2 that work by preventing the digestion of complex carbohydrates (such as starch). Complex carbohydrates are normally converted into simple sugars (monosaccharides) which can be absorbed through the intestine. Hence, alpha-glucosidase inhibitors reduce the impact of complex carbohydrates on blood sugar.	Alpha-glucosidase inhibitors are saccharides that act as competitive inhibitors of enzymes needed to digest carbohydrates: specifically alpha-glucosidase enzymes in the brush border of the small intestines. The membrane-bound intestinal alpha-glucosidases hydrolyze oligosaccharides, trisaccharides, and disaccharides to glucose and other monosaccharides in the small intestine. Acarbose also blocks pancreatic alpha-amylase in addition to inhibiting membrane-bound alpha-glucosidases. Pancreatic alpha-amylase hydrolyzes complex starches to oligosaccharides in the lumen of the small intestine. Inhibition of these enzyme systems reduces the rate of digestion of complex carbohydrates. Less glucose is absorbed because the carbohydrates are not broken down into glucose molecules. In diabetic patients, the short-term effect of these drugs therapies is to decrease current blood glucose levels: the long term effect is a small reduction in hemoglobin-A1c level.
DCC1648	Thymalfasin	CAS:62304-98-7	C129H215N33O55	biotech	approved	3108.2755	Indicated as an adjuvant for influenza vaccine in elderly patients and as an adjuvant for both influenza and hepatitis B vaccines in chronic hemodialysis patients who failed to achieve adequate antibody titers from previous immunization.	Thymalfasin is a 28-amino acid polypeptide produced synthetically but originally isolated from thymosin fraction 5, a bovine thymus extract containing a number of immunologically active peptides. In vitro studies have shown that Thymalfasin can influence T-cell production and maturation, stimulate production of Th1 cytokines such as interferon-gamma and interleukin-2, and activate natural killer cell-mediated cytotoxicity.	"The mechanism of action of thymalfasin is not completely understood but is thought to be related to its immunomodulating activities, centered primarily around augmentation of T-cell function. In various in vitro assays, thymosin alpha 1 has been shown to promote T-cell differentiation and maturation; for example, CD4+, CD8+, and CD3+ cells have all been shown to be increased. Thymosin alpha 1 has also been shown to increase production of IFN-g, IL-2, IL-3, and expression of IL-2 receptor following activation by mitogens or antigens, increase NK cell activity, increase production of migratory inhibitory factor (MIF), and increase antibody response to T-cell dependent antigens. Thymosin alpha 1 has also been shown to antagonize dexamethasone-induced apoptosis of thymocytes in vitro. In vivo administration of thymosin alpha 1 to animals immunosuppressed by chemotherapy, tumor burden, or irradiation showed that thymosin alpha 1 protects against cytotoxic damage to bone marrow, tumor progression and opportunistic infections, thereby increasing survival time and number of survivors. Many of the in vitro and in vivo effects of thymosin alpha 1 have been interpreted as influences on either differentiation of pluripotent stem cells to thymocytes or activation of thymocytes into activated T-cells. Thymalfasin also has been shown in vitro to upregulate expression of toll like receptors (TLR) including TLR2 and TLR9 in mouse and human dendritic cells, as well as activate NF-kB and JNK/P38/AP1 pathways. Thymalfasin's activation of dendritic cells provides another possible pathway explaining thymalfasin's immunomodulatory and antiviral effects."
DCC1649	Defibrotide	CAS:83712-60-1	null	biotech	approved	null	Defibrotide is used to treat or prevent a failure of normal blood flow (occlusive venous disease, OVD) in the liver of patients who have had bone marrow transplants or received certain drugs such as oral estrogens, mercaptopurine, and many others.	Defibrotide is a deoxyribonucleic acid derivative extracted from mammalian organs, which has been developed for the treatment of a number of vascular disorders. It appears to increase fibrinolysis and may possess antithrombotic, antiatherosclerotic and anti-ischaemic actions, probably due to its ability to selectively increase prostaglandin I2 and E2 levels and to increase tissue plasminogen activator and decrease plasminogen activator inhibitor function. Defibrotide is available as an intravenous and intramuscular preparation, and also as an oral formulation for long term use.	The drug appears to prevent the formation of blood clots and to help dissolve blood clots by increasing levels of prostaglandin I2, E2, and prostacyclin, altering platelet activity, increasing tissue plasminogen activator function, and decreasing activity of tissue plasminogen activator inhibitor. Prostaglandin I2 relaxes the smooth muscle of blood vessels and prevents platelets from adhering to each other. Prostaglandin E2 at certain concentrations also inhibits platelet aggregation. Moreover, the drug provides additional beneficial anti-inflammatory and antiischemic activities as recent sudies have shown. It is yet unclear, if the latter effects can be utilized clinically (e.g., treatment of ischemic stroke).
DCC1657	Vandetanib	CAS:443913-73-3	C22H24BrFN4O2	small molecule	approved	475.354	Vandetanib is currently approved as an alternative to local therapies for both unresectable and disseminated disease. Because Vandetanib can prolong the Q-T interval, it is contraindicated for use in patients with serious cardiac complications such as congenital long QT syndrome and uncompensated heart failure.		ZD-6474 is a potent and selective inhibitor of VEGFR (vascular endothelial growth factor receptor), EGFR (epidermal growth factor receptor) and RET (REarranged during Transfection) tyrosine kinases. VEGFR- and EGFR-dependent signalling are both clinically validated pathways in cancer, including non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). RET activity is important in some types of thyroid cancer, and early data with vandetanib in medullary thyroid cancer has led to orphan-drug designation by the regulatory authorities in the USA and EU.
DCC1740	Bedaquiline	CAS:843663-66-1	C32H31BrN2O2	small molecule	approved	555.505	Bedaquiline is indicated as part of combination therapy in adults with pulmonary multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB).	Bedaquiline is primarily subjected to oxidative metabolism leading to the formation of N-monodesmethyl metabolite (M2). M2 is not thought to contribute significantly to clinical efficacy given its lower average exposure (23% to 31%) in humans and lower antimycobacterial activity (4 to 6-fold lower) compared to the parent compound. M2 concentrations appeared to correlate with QT prolongation. Bedaquiline inhibits mycobacterial TB at a minimal inhibitory concentration (MIC) from 0.002-0.06 mcg/ml and with a MIC50 of 0.03 mcg/ml. Furthermore, bacteria that have smaller ATP stores (usually in dormant, nonreplicating bacilli) are more susceptible to bedaquiline.	"Bedaquiline is a diarylquinoline antimycobacterial drug that inhibits the proton pump of mycobacterial ATP (adenosine 5'-triphosphate) synthase, an enzyme that is essential for the generation of energy in Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Bacterial death occurs as a result of bedaquiline."
DCC1742	Fluticasone furoate	CAS:397864-44-7	C27H29F3O6S	small molecule	approved	538.576	Fluticasone furoate nasal spray is indicated for the treatment of the symptoms of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis in patients aged 2 years and older. Breo Ellipta, a mixture of fluticasone furoate and vilanterol is indicated for the management of COPD.	Fluticasone furoate binds to human glucocorticoid receptor more potently than dexamethasone (29.9-times) and fluticasone propionate (1.7-times). It also is highly retained in respiratory tissue. The significance of this finding is that fluticasone furoate may have a more pronounced and prolonged anti-inflammatory effect, which allows for once-daily dosing. It does not have any effect on the QTc interval. Furthermore, fluticasone furoate was not found to affect the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis function in adolescent and adult asthma.	Fluticasone furoate is a synthetic trifluorinated corticosteroid with potent anti-inflammatory activity. The precise mechanism through which fluticasone furoate affects rhinitis symptoms is not known. Corticosteroids have been shown to have a wide range of actions on multiple cell types (e.g., mast cells, eosinophils, neutrophils, macrophages, lymphocytes) and mediators (e.g., histamine, eicosanoids, leukotrienes, cytokines) involved in inflammation. Specific effects of fluticasone furoate demonstrated in in vitro and in vivo models included activation of the glucocorticoid response element, inhibition of pro-inflammatory transcription factors such as NFkB, and inhibition of antigen-induced lung eosinophilia in sensitized rats. Fluticasone is also found to increase airway retention of long-acting beta adrenergic agonist, thus potentiating its beneficial effects for the treatment of asthma.
DCC1743	Canagliflozin	CAS:842133-18-0	C24H25FO5S	small molecule	approved	444.516	Canagliflozin is indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Use in type 1 diabetes mellitus patients or in treatment of diabetic ketoacidosis is not recommended.	Canagliflozin binds to SGLT2 more potently (250-times) than SGLT1 in vitro. The 50% inhibitory concentrations (IC50) are 2.2-4.4 nmol/L and 684 - 910 nmol/L for SGLT2 and SGLT1 respectively. Dose dependent decreases in renal threshold for glucose and increases in urinary glucose excretion were observed when single and multiple oral doses were administered to type 2 diabetes patients. Decreases in plasma glucose in a dose-dependent fashion were also noted as early as the first day of administration. When given to healthy and type 2 diabetic patients before a meal, a delay in intestinal glucose absorption and a reduction in postprandial glucose was observed. Canagliflozin does not prolong the QTc interval.	Sodium-glucose co-transporter 2 (SGLT2), expressed in the proximal renal tubules, is responsible for the majority of the reabsorption of filtered glucose from the tubular lumen. Canagliflozin is an inhibitor of SGLT2. By inhibiting SGLT2, canagliflozin reduces reabsorption of filtered glucose and lowers the renal threshold for glucose (RTG), and thereby increases urinary glucose excretion.
DCC1744	Dimethyl fumarate	CAS:624-49-7	null	small molecule	approved	null	Used in multiple sclerosis patients with relapsing forms.	The physiological effects dimethyl fumarate has on the body is not well understood. It is known that dimethyl fumarate has anti-inflammatory and cytoprotective effects, which both are likely involved in its actions in multiple sclerosis patients.	The mechanism of action of dimethyl fumarate in multiple sclerosis is not well understood. It is thought to involve dimethyl fumarate degradation to its active metabolite monomethyl fumarate (MMF). MMF up-regulates the Nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2 (Nrf2) pathway that is activated in response to oxidative stress. As well MMF is an agonist at the nicotinic acid receptor, but the relevance of this is not known.
DCC1745	Pomalidomide	CAS:19171-19-8	C13H11N3O4	small molecule	approved	273.2441	Pomalidomide is indicated for patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least two prior therapies including lenalidomide and bortezomib and have demonstrated disease progression on or within 60 days of completion of the last therapy.	Pomalidomide is more potent than thalidomide (100-times) and lenalidomide (10-times).	Promalidomide is an immunomodulatory agent with antineoplastic activity. It is shown to inhibit the proliferation and induce apoptosis of various tumour cells. Furthermore, promalidomide enhances T cell and natural killer (NK) cell-mediated immunity and inhibited the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines, like TNF-alpha or IL-6, by monocytes. The primary target of promalidomide is thought to be the protein cereblon. It binds to this target and inhibits ubiquitin ligase activity. It is also a transcriptional inhibitor of COX2.
DCC1556	Ranibizumab	CAS:347396-82-1	C2158H3282N562O681S12	biotech	approved	48349.611	For the treatment of patients with macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.	Ranibizumab is a recombinant humanized IgG1 kappa isotype monoclonal antibody fragment designed for intraocular use. Ranibizumab is a VEGF-A antagonist that binds to and inhibits the biologic activity of active forms of human VEGF-A, including the cleaved form (VEGF<sub>110</sub>). VEGF-A has been shown to cause neovascularization (angiogenesis) and an increase in vascular permeability, which is thought to contribute to the progression of the neovascular form of age-related macular degeneration (AMD).	Ranibizumab binds to the receptor binding site of active forms of VEGF-A, including the biologically active, cleaved form of this molecule, VEGF<sub>110</sub>. The binding of ranibizumab to VEGF-A prevents the interaction of VEGF-A with its receptors (VEGFR1 and VEGFR2) on the surface of endothelial cells, reducing endothelial cell proliferation, vascular leakage, and new blood vessel formation.
DCC1559	Arformoterol	CAS:67346-49-0	C19H24N2O4	small molecule	approved	344.4049	A bronchodilator used for the long term, symptomatic treatment of reversible bronchoconstriction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), including chronic bronchitis and emphysema.	Arformoterol, the active (R,R)-enantiomer of formoterol, is a selective long-acting beta2-adrenergic receptor agonist (beta2-agonist) that has two-fold greater potency than racemic formoterol (which contains both the (S,S) and (R,R)-enantiomers). The (S,S)-enantiomer is about 1,000-fold less potent as a beta2-agonist than the (R,R)-enantiomer. Arformoterol seems to have little or no effect on beta1-adrenergic receptors.	While it is recognized that beta2-receptors are the predominant adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle and beta1-receptors are the predominant receptors in the heart, data indicate that there are also beta2-receptors in the human heart comprising 10% to 50% of the total beta-adrenergic receptors. The precise function of these receptors has not been established, but they raise the possibility that even highly selective beta2-agonists may have cardiac effects. The pharmacologic effects of beta2-adrenoceptor agonist drugs, including arformoterol, are at least in part attributable to stimulation of intracellular adenyl cyclase, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3&prime;,5&prime;-adenosine monophosphate (cyclic AMP). Increased intracellular cyclic AMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and inhibition of release of proinflammatory mediators from cells, especially from mast cells. In vitro tests show that arformoterol is an inhibitor of the release of mast cell mediators, such as histamine and leukotrienes, from the human lung. Arformoterol also inhibits histamine-induced plasma albumin extravasation in anesthetized guinea pigs and inhibits allergen-induced eosinophil influx in dogs with airway hyper-response.
DCC1560	Exenatide	CAS:141758-74-9	C184H282N50O60S	biotech	approved	4186.6	Indicated as adjunctive therapy to improve glycemic control in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus who are taking metformin, a sulfonylurea, or a combination of both, but have not achieved adequate glycemic control.	Exenatide is an incretin mimetic, which has glucoregulatory effects. While it is has blood-sugar lowering actions alone, it can also be combined with other medications such as pioglitazone, metformin, sulfonylureas, and/or insulin to improve glucose control. The approved use of exenatide is with either sulfonylureas, metformin and thiazolinediones. The medication is injected twice per day using a pre-filled pen device. Typical human responses to exenatide plus eating include improvements in the initial rapid release of endogenous insulin, suppression of glucagon release by the pancreas, regulation of gastric empyting and reduced appetite; all behaviors more typical of individuals without blood sugar control problems. Exenatide is self-regulating in that in lowers blood sugar when levels are elevated but does not continue to lower blood sugar when levels return to normal, unlike with sulfonylureas or insulins.	Exenatide is a functional analog of the human incretin Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 (GLP-1). Incretins enhance glucose-dependent insulin secretion and exhibit other antihyperglycemic actions following their release into the circulation from the gut. The GLP-1 system increases insulin secretion only in the presence of elevated plasma glucose levels, avoiding inappropriately high insulin levels during fasting. The drug also moderates peak serum glucagon levels during hyperglycemic periods following meals, but does not interfere with glucagon release in response to hypoglycemia. Secondary effects of drug administration reduces the rate of gastric emptying and decreases food intake, mitigating the potential severity of hyperglycemic events after meals.
DCC1561	Iplex	CAS:68562-41-4	C331H518N94O101S7	biotech	approved	7649	For the long-term treatment of growth failure in pediatric patients with Primary IGFD or with GH gene deletion who have developed neutralizing antibodies to GH. It is not indicated to treat Secondary IGFD resulting from GH deficiency, malnutrition, hypothyroidism or other causes; it is not a substitute for GH therapy.	Mecasermin is a biosynthetic (recombinant DNA origin) form of human insulin growth factor 1 (IGF-1) designed to replace natural IGF-1 in pediatric patients who are deficient, promoting normalized statural growth. Growth hormones (GH) bind to growth hormone receptors (GHR) in the liver and other tissues, which stimulates the synthesis of IGF-1. In target tissues, IGF-1 activates the IGF-1 receptor, resulting in intracellular signals that stimulate growth. Although many actions of the GH are mediated through IGF-1, the precise roles of GH and IGF-1 have not been fully elucidated. Patients with severe primary IGF-1 deficiency (Primary IGFD) fail to produce adequate levels of IGF-1, due to disruption of the GH pathway used to promote IGF-1 release (possible GH pathway disruptions include mutations in the GHR, post-GHR signaling pathway, and IGF-1 gene defects).	Mecasermin supplies recombinant-DNA-origin IGF-1, which binds to the Type I IGF-1 receptor. This receptor exerts intra-cellular signaling activity in a number of processes involved in statural growth, including mitogenesis in multiple tissue types, chondrocyte growth and division along cartilage growth plates, and increases in organ growth.
DCC1658	Telaprevir	CAS:402957-28-2	C36H53N7O6	small molecule	approved	679.8493	Treating chronic hepatitis C virus (genotype 1) infection in patients with compensated liver (due to liver diseases like cirrhosis) that are treatment naive or have failed therapy with interferons (either null or partial responders and treatment relapsers).	Telaprevir is a direct-acting antiviral agent (DAA) against the hepatitis C virus. In a biochemical assay, telaprevir inhibited the proteolytic activity of the recombinant HCV NS3 protease domain with an IC50 value of 10 nM.	Telaprevir is an inhibitor of the HCV NS3/4A serine protease, necessary for the proteolytic cleavage of the HCV encoded polyprotein into mature forms of the NS4A, NS4B, NS5A and NS5B proteins and essential for viral replication. It belongs to the chemical class of alpha-ketoamids and binds to NS3/4A in a covalent but reversible manner.
DCC1659	Sodium stibogluconate	CAS:16037-91-5	C12H35Na3O26Sb2	small molecule	approved	907.88	For the treatment of various types of a protozoal infection called leishmaniasis, which may result from sandfly bites in tropical and temperate parts of the world. Also investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and solid tumors.	The mode of action of sodium stibogluconate is not clearly understood. In vitro exposure of amastigotes to 500 mg pentavalent antimony/ml results in a greater than 50% decrease in parasite DNA, RNA protein and purine nucleoside triphosphate levels. It has been postulated that the reduction in ATP (adenosine triphosphate) and GTP (guanosine triphosphate) synthesis contributes to decreased macromolecular synthesis.	Sodium stibogluconate directly inhibits DNA topoisomerase I leading to inhibition of both DNA replication and transcription.
DCC1661	Teicoplanin	CAS:61036-62-2	C88H97Cl2N9O33	biotech	approved	1879.658	For the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms.	Teicoplanin is an antibiotic used in the prophylaxis and treatment of serious infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria, including methicillin-resistant <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i> and <i>Enterococcus faecalis</i>. It is a glycopeptide antiobiotic extracted from <i>Actinoplanes teichomyceticus</i>, with a similar spectrum of activity to vancomycin. Its mechanism of action is to inhibit bacterial cell wall synthesis. Oral teicoplanin has been demonstrated to be effective in the treatment of pseudomembranous colitis and Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhoea, with comparable efficacy to vancomycin.	Teicoplanin inhibits peptidoglycan polymerization, resulting in inhibition of bacterial cell wall synthesis and cell death.
DCC1662	Acetylcysteine	CAS:616-91-1	C5H9NO3S	small molecule	approved	163.195	Acetylcysteine is used mainly as a mucolytic and in the management of paracetamol (acetaminophen) overdose.	Acetylcysteine has been shown to reduce the extent of liver injury following acetaminophen overdose. It is most effective when given early, with benefit seen principally in patients treated within 8-10 hours of the overdose. Acetylcysteine likely protects the liver by maintaining or restoring the glutathione levels, or by acting as an alternate substrate for conjugation with, and thus detoxification of, the reactive metabolite.	Acetylcysteine may protect against acetaminophen overdose-induced hepatotoxicity by maintaining or restoring hepatic concentrations of glutathione. It does this by producing the glutathione precursor cysteine. Glutathione is required to inactivate an intermediate metabolite (N-acetyl-p-benzoquinoneimine) of acetaminophen that is thought to be hepatotoxic. In acetaminophen overdose, excessive quantities of this metabolite are formed because the primary metabolic (glucuronide and sulfate conjugation) pathways become saturated. Acetylcysteine may act by reducing the metabolite to the parent compound and/or by providing sulfhydryl for conjugation of the metabolite. Experimental evidence also suggests that a sulfhydryl-containing compound such as acetylcysteine may also directly inactivate the metabolite. When inhaled, cetylcysteine exerts its mucolytic action through its free sulfhydryl group, which opens the disulfide bonds and lowers mucus viscosity. This action increases with increasing pH and is most significant at pH 7 to 9. The mucolytic action of acetylcysteine is not affected by the presence of DNA. Acetylcysteine is also an antioxidant and reduces oxidative stress.
DCC1664	Canakinumab	CAS:914613-48-2	C6452H9958N1722O2010S42	biotech	approved	145200	Used in patients 4 years of age and older to treat Familial Cold Autoinflammatory Syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), which are both part of the Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndromes (CAPS) as well as for patients 2 years of age and older to treat systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA).	Novartis AG has developed canakinumab as a subcutaneous injection and fully human mAb that neutralizes the bioactivity of human IL-1beta, which is involved in several inflammatory disorders. Canakinumab has promising clinical safety and pharmacokinetic properties, and demonstrated potential for the treatment of cryopyrin-associated periodic syndromes (CAPS), systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA), and possibly for other complex inflammatory diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis, COPD disease and ocular diseases.	"In inflammatory diseases involving Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndromes (CAPS), interleukin-1 beta is excessively activated and drives inflammation. The protein cryopyrin controls the activation of IL-1 beta and mutations in cryopyrin's gene, NLRP-3, up-regulate IL-1 beta activation. Canakinumab is a human monoclonal anti-human IL-1 beta antibody of the IgG1 beta isotype. Canakinumab binds to human IL-1 beta and neutralizes its inflammatory activity by blocking its interaction with IL-1 receptors, but it does not bind IL-1 beta or IL-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1ra)."
DCC1749	Isophane insulin	CAS:53027-39-7	C257H383N65O77S6	biotech	approved	5808 Daltons	Used to improve glycemic control in patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus.	When 0.3 Units/kg of NPH insulin was subcutaneously administered, the onset of action was approximately 0.8 hours. The duration of action was 13.2 hours. The peak activity of NPH insulin occurs 4-6 hours post-dose. Compared to insulin glargine, NPH insulin has a quicker onset of action and shorter duration of action.	The primary activity of insulin is the regulation of glucose metabolism. Insulin promotes glucose and amino acid uptake into muscle and adipose tissues, and other tissues except brain and liver. It also has an anabolic role in stimulating glycogen, fatty acid, and protein synthesis. Insulin inhibits gluconeogenesis in the liver. Insulin binds to the insulin receptor (IR), a heterotetrameric protein consisting of two extracellular alpha units and two transmembrane beta units. The binding of insulin to the alpha subunit of IR stimulates the tyrosine kinase activity intrinsic to the beta subunit of the receptor. The bound receptor is able to autophosphorylate and phosphorylate numerous intracellular substrates such as insulin receptor substrates (IRS) proteins, Cbl, APS, Shc and Gab 1. These activated proteins, in turn, lead to the activation of downstream signaling molecules including PI3 kinase and Akt. Akt regulates the activity of glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) and protein kinase C (PKC) which play a critical role in metabolism and catabolism
DCC1755	LMWH	null	null	biotech	approved	null	Treating deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism when it is located in the veins, or heart attacks and strokes when located in the arteries.	null	Heparin is a naturally occurring polysaccharide that inhibits coagulation, the process that leads to thrombosis. Natural heparin consists of molecular chains of varying lengths, or molecular weights.  LMWHs are defined as heparin salts having an average molecular weight of less than 8000 Da and for which at least 60% of all chains have a molecular weight less than 8000 Da.
DCC1772	Pegylated interferon lambda-1a	null	null	small molecule	investigational	null	For the treatment of Hepatitis C virus infection.	null	Pegylated interferon lambda-1a is currently in clinical development for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection.
DCC1775	Recombinant human endostatin	null	null	biotech	investigational	null	Results indicated that endostatin can be beneficial in combinations with other medicines, for patients with advanced neuroendocrine tumors.	null	Endostatin blocks pro-angiogenic gene expression controlled by c-Jun N terminal kinase (JNK) by interfering with TNF_ activation of JNK. It reduces the growth of new cells by inhibiting cyclin D1. As a result, cells arrest during G1 phase and enter apoptosis.
DCC1781	RHpDGF-BB	null	null	biotech	approved	null	Used in bone turnover during periodontal repair.	null	Recombinant human platelet-derived growth factor-BB is a potent recruiter of, and strong mitogenic factor for, cells crucial to musculoskeletal tissue repair, including mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs), osteogenic cells and tenocytes.
DCC1810	Azatadine maleate	CAS:3978-86-7	C20H22N2. (C4H4O4)2	small molecule	approved	522.5464	For the relief of the symptoms of upper respiratory mucosal congestion in perennial and allergic rhinitis, and for the relief of nasal congestion and eustachian t.b. congestion.	Antihistamines such as azatadine appear to compete with histamine for histamine H1- receptor sites on effector cells. The antihistamines antagonize those pharmacological effects of histamine which are mediated through activation of H1- receptor sites and thereby reduce the intensity of allergic reactions and tissue injury response involving histamine release.	Antihistamines such as azatadine appear to compete with histamine for histamine H1- receptor sites on effector cells. The antihistamines antagonize those pharmacological effects of histamine which are mediated through activation of H1- receptor sites and thereby reduce the intensity of allergic reactions and tissue injury response involving histamine release.
DCC1811	Betaxolol hydrochloride	CAS:63659-19-8	C18H29NO3. HCl	small molecule	approved	343.8887	For the management of hypertension.	A cardioselective beta-1-adrenergic antagonist with no partial agonist activity.	Betaxolol selectively blocks catecholamine stimulation of beta(1)-adrenergic receptors in the heart and vascular smooth muscle. This results in a reduction of heart rate, cardiac output, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and possibly reflex orthostatic hypotension. Betaxolol can also competitively block beta(2)-adrenergic responses in the bronchial and vascular smooth muscles, causing bronchospasm.
DCC1812	Bromodiphenhydramine	CAS:1808-12-4	C17H21BrNO. Cl	small molecule	approved	370.7117	For management of symptoms related to hay fever and other types of allergy and used to help bring up phlegm, thin secretions, and make a cough productive.	Bromodiphenhydramine is an ethanolamine antihistamine with antimicrobial property. Bromodiphenhydramine is used in the control of cutaneous allergies.	Bromodiphenhydramine competes with free histamine for binding at HA-receptor sites. This antagonizes the effects of histamine on HA-receptors, leading to a reduction of the negative symptoms brought on by histamine HA-receptor binding.
DCC1813	Chloramphenicol	CAS:56-75-7	C11H12Cl2N2O5	small molecule	approved	323.1294	Used in treatment of cholera, as it destroys the vibrios and decreases the diarrhea. It is effective against tetracycline-resistant vibrios. It is also used in eye drops or ointment to treat bacterial conjunctivitis.	An antibiotic first isolated from cultures of Streptomyces venequelae in 1947 but now produced synthetically. It has a relatively simple structure and was the first broad-spectrum antibiotic to be discovered. It acts by interfering with bacterial protein synthesis and is mainly bacteriostatic.	Chloramphenicol is lipid-soluble, allowing it to diffuse through the bacterial cell membrane. It then reversibly binds to the L16 protein of the 50S subunit of bacterial ribosomes, where transfer of amino acids to growing peptide chains is prevented (perhaps by suppression of peptidyl transferase activity), thus inhibiting peptide bond formation and subsequent protein synthesis.
DCC1564	Abatacept	CAS:332348-12-6	null	biotech	approved	92 kDa	For the management of the signs and symptoms of moderate-to-severe active rheumatoid arthritis, inducing major clinical response, slowing the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in adult patients. It is indicated both as a monotherapy and for use in combination with a continued regimen of DMARDs (not including TNF antagonists). Also used for the management of the signs and symptoms of moderately to severely active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children.	Abatacept is the first in a new class of drugs known as Selective Co-stimulation Modulators. Known as a recombinant fusion protein, the drug consists of the extracellular domain of human cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated antigen 4 (CTLA-4) linked to a modified Fc portion of human immunoglobulin G<sub>1</sub> (IgG<sub>1</sub>. The Fc portion of the drug consists of the hinge region, the C<sub>H</sub>2 domain, and the C<sub>H</sub>3 domain of IgG<sub>1</sub>. Although there are multiple pathways and cell types involved in the pathogenesis of rheumatoid arthritis, evidence suggests that T-cell activation may play an important role in the immunopathology of the disease. Ordinarily, full T-cell activation requires binding of the T-cell receptor to an antigen-MHC complex on the antigen-presenting cell as well as a co-stimulatory signal provided by the binding of the CD28 protein on the surface of the T-cell with the CD80/86 proteins on the surface of the antigen-presenting cell. CTLA4 is a naturally occurring protein which is expressed on the surface of T-cells some hours or days after full T-cell activation and is capable of binding to CD80/86 on antigen-presenting cells with much greater affinity than CD28. Binding of CTLA4-Ig to CD80/86 provides a negative feedback mechanism which results in T-cell deactivation. Abatacept was developed by Bristol-Myers-Squibb and is licensed in the US for the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis in the case of inadequate response to anti-TNF-alpha therapy.	Abatacept is a selective costimulation modulator, like CTLA-4, the drug has shown to inhibit T-cell (T lymphocyte) activation by binding to CD80 and CD86, thereby blocking interaction with CD28. Blockade of this interaction has been shown to inhibit the delivery of the second co-stimulatory signal required for optimal activation of T-cells. This results in the inhibition of autoimmune T-Cell activation that has been implcated in the pathogenesis of rheumatoid arthritis.
DCC1567	Insulin aspart	CAS:116094-23-6	C256H381N65O79S6	biotech	approved	5825.8 Daltons	For the treatment of Type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus. Should normally be used in conjunction with an intermediate or long-acting insulin.	Insulin is a natural hormone produced by beta cells of the pancreas. In non-diabetic individuals, a basal level of insulin is supplemented with insulin spikes following meals. Postprandial insulin spikes are responsible for the metabolic changes that occur as the body transitions from a postabsorptive to absorptive state. Insulin promotes cellular uptake of glucose, particularly in muscle and adipose tissues, promotes energy storage via glycogenesis, opposes catabolism of energy stores, increases DNA replication and protein synthesis by stimulating amino acid uptake by liver, muscle and adipose tissue, and modifies the activity of numerous enzymes involved in glycogen synthesis and glycolysis. Insulin also promotes growth and is required for the actions of growth hormone (e.g. protein synthesis, cell division, DNA synthesis). Insulin aspart is a rapid-acting insulin analogue used to mimic postprandial insulin spikes in diabetic individuals. The onset of action of insulin aspart is 10-15 minutes. Its activity peaks 60-90 minutes following subcutaneous injection and its duration of action is 4-5 hours.	Insulin aspart binds to the insulin receptor (IR), a heterotetrameric protein consisting of two extracellular alpha units and two transmembrane beta units. The binding of insulin to the alpha subunit of IR stimulates the tyrosine kinase activity intrinsic to the beta subunit of the receptor. The bound receptor autophosphorylates and phosphorylates numerous intracellular substrates such as insulin receptor substrates (IRS) proteins, Cbl, APS, Shc and Gab 1. Activation of these proteins leads to the activation of downstream signaling molecules including PI3 kinase and Akt. Akt regulates the activity of glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) and protein kinase C (PKC), both of which play critical roles in metabolism and catabolism. In humans, insulin is stored in the form of hexamers; however, only insulin monomers are able to interact with IR. Substitution of the proline residue at B28 with aspartic acid reduces the tendency to form hexamers and results in a faster rate of absorption and onset of action and shorter duration of action.
DCC1666	Prasugrel	CAS:150322-43-3	C20H20FNO3S	small molecule	approved	373.441	Indicated in combination with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) to prevent atherothrombotic events in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) who are to be managed with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). May be used in patients with unstable angina (UA), non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI), ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) who are to be managed with PCI. Prasugrel is not recommended in patients 75 years of age or greater, those that weigh<60kg, and patients with a history of stroke or transient ischemic attack due to increased risk of fatal and intracranial bleeding.	Prasugrel is a member of the thienopyridine class of ADP receptor inhibitors, like ticlopidine (trade name Ticlid) and clopidogrel (trade name Plavix). These agents reduce the aggregation (clumping) of platelets by irreversibly binding to P2Y12 receptors. Compared to clopidogrel, prasugrel inhibits adenosine diphosphate_¿_induced platelet aggregation more rapidly, more consistently, and to a greater extent than do standard and higher doses of clopidogrel in healthy volunteers and in patients with coronary artery disease, including those undergoing PCI. The increased potency of prasugrel appears to be due to more efficient conversion to its active metabolite. However, it carries a higher risk of bleed compared to clopidogrel, which may be a result of its higher potency. Prasugrel produces inhibition of platelet aggregation to 20 mcM or 5 mcM ADP, as measured by light transmission aggregometry.	Prasugrel is an thienopyridine and a prodrug which inhibits ADP receptors by irreversibly acting on the P2Y12 receptor on platelets. The active metabolite of prasugrel prevents binding of adenosine diphosphate (ADP) to its platelet receptor, impairing the ADP-mediated activation of the glycoprotein GPIIb/IIIa complex. Prasugrel is proposed to have a similar mechanism of action to clopidogrel.
DCC1676	Tocilizumab	CAS:375823-41-9	null	biotech	approved	null	Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) who have had an inadequate response to one or more Disease-Modifying Anti-Rheumatic Drugs (DMARDs). It is also indicated for the treatment of active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (PJIA) and active systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA) in patients 2 years of age and older.	A decrease in C-reactive protein (CRP) was noted as early as week 2. Changes in pharmacodynamic parameters were observed (i.e., decreases in rheumatoid factor, erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), serum amyloid A and increases in hemoglobin) with both doses, however the greatest improvements were observed with 8 mg per kg tocilizumab. Similar pharmacodynamic changes were also observed in active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and active systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis patients.	"Interleukin (IL)-6 plays essential roles not only in the immune response, but also in haematopoiesis and the central nervous system. Deregulated production of IL-6 has been found in chronic inflammatory autoimmune diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis (RA), systemic onset juvenile idiopathic arthritis (soJIA), Crohn's disease (CD) and systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Furthermore, IL-6 activities can explain many symptoms of these diseases. More importantly, serum levels of IL-6 are correlated with disease activity. Tocilizumab binds specifically to both soluble and membrane-bound IL-6 receptors (sIL-6R and mIL-6R), and has been shown to inhibit IL-6-mediated signaling through these receptors."
DCC1677	Teriparatide	CAS:52232-67-4	C181H291N55O51S2	biotech	approved	4117.715	For the treatment of osteoporosis in men and postmenopausal women who are at high risk for having a fracture. Also used to increase bone mass in men with primary or hypogonadal osteoporosis who are at high risk for fracture.	Clinical trials indicate that teriparatide increases predominantly trabecular bone in the lumbar spine and femoral neck; it has less significant effects at cortical sites. The combination of teriparatide with antiresorptive agents is not more effective than teriparatide monotherapy. The most common adverse effects associated with teriparatide include injection-site pain, nausea, headaches, leg cramps, and dizziness. After a maximum of two years of teriparatide therapy, the drug should be discontinued and antiresorptive therapy begun to maintain bone mineral density.	Teriparatide is the portion of human parathyroid hormone (PTH),amino acid sequence 1 through 34 of the complete molecule which contains amino acid sequence 1 to 84. Endogenous PTH is the primary regulator of calcium and phosphate metabolism in bone and kidney. Daily injections of teriparatide stimulate new bone formation leading to increased bone mineral density.
DCC1678	Temsirolimus	CAS:162635-04-3	C56H87NO16	small molecule	approved	1030.2871	For the treatment of renal cell carcinoma (RCC). Also investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, lymphoma (unspecified), rheumatoid arthritis, and multiple myeloma.		Temsirolimus is an inhibitor of mTOR (mammalian target of rapamycin). Temsirolimus binds to an intracellular protein (FKBP-12), and the protein-drug complex inhibits the activity of mTOR that controls cell division. Inhibition of mTOR activity resulted in a G1 growth arrest in treated tumor cells. When mTOR was inhibited, its ability to phosphorylate p70S6k and S6 ribosomal protein, which are downstream of mTOR in the PI3 kinase/AKT pathway was blocked. In in vitro studies using renal cell carcinoma cell lines, temsirolimus inhibited the activity of mTOR and resulted in reduced levels of the hypoxia-inducible factors HIF-1 and HIF-2 alpha, and the vascular endothelial growth factor.
DCC1679	Amisulpride	CAS:53583-79-2	C17H27N3O4S	small molecule	approved	369.479	Investigated for use/treatment in schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, mania in bipolar disorder, and depression.		Amisulpride binds selectively to dopamine D(2) and D(3) receptors in the limbic system. Low doses of amisulpride preferentially block presynaptic D(2)/D(3)-dopamine autoreceptors, thereby enhancing dopaminergic transmission, whereas higher doses block postsynaptic receptors, thus inhibiting dopaminergic hyperactivity. It may also have 5-ht7 antagonistic effect, useful in depression treatment.
DCC1814	Chlorothiazide	CAS:58-94-6	C7H6ClN3O4S2	small molecule	approved	295.7232	Chlorothiazide is indicated as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy.	A thiazide diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide.	As a diuretic, chlorothiazide inhibits active chloride reabsorption at the early distal tubule via the Na-Cl cotransporter, resulting in an increase in the excretion of sodium, chloride, and water. Thiazides like chlorothiazide also inhibit sodium ion transport across the renal tubular epithelium through binding to the thiazide sensitive sodium-chloride transporter. This results in an increase in potassium excretion via the sodium-potassium exchange mechanism. The antihypertensive mechanism of chlorothiazide is less well understood although it may be mediated through its action on carbonic anhydrases in the smooth muscle or through its action on the large-conductance calcium-activated potassium (KCa) channel, also found in the smooth muscle.
DCC1815	Dalfopristin	CAS:112362-50-2	C34H50N4O9S	biotech	approved	690.8472	For the treatment of bacterial infections (usually in combination with quinupristin).	Dalfopristin is a antibiotic used to treat infections by staphylococci and by vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecium.	The site of action of dalfopristin is the bacterial ribosome. Dalfopristin has been shown to inhibit the early phase of protein synthesis.
DCC1816	Deserpidine	CAS:131-01-1	C32H38N2O8	small molecule	approved	578.6527	For the treatment of hypertension.	Deserpidine is an ester alkaloid drug isolated from Rauwolfia canescens (family Apocynaceae) with antipsychotic and antihypertensive properties that has been used for the control of high blood pressure and for the relief of psychotic behavior.	"Deserpidine's mechanism of action is through inhibition of the ATP/Mg2+ pump responsible for the sequestering of neurotransmitters into storage vesicles located in the presynaptic neuron. The neurotransmitters that are not sequestered in the storage vesicle are readily metabolized by monoamine oxidase (MAO) causing a reduction in catecholamines."
DCC1817	Desoxyribonuclease	CAS:9003-98-9	null	biotech	approved	null	Used as adjunct therapy in the treatment of cystic fibrosis.	"Dornase alfa cleaves extracellular DNA to 5'-phosphodinucleotide and 5'-phosphooligonucleotide end products without affecting intracellular DNA. In individuals with cystic fibrosis, extracellular DNA, which is an extremely viscous anion, is released by degenerating leukocytes that accumulate during inflammatory responses to infections."	"Dornase alfa is a biosynthetic form of human DNase I. The enzyme is involved in endonucleolytic cleavage of extracellular DNA to 5'-phosphodinucleotide and 5'-phosphooligonucleotide end products. It has no effect on intracellular DNA. Optimal activity is dependent on the presence of divalent cations such as calcium and magnesium. Extracellular DNA is a viscous anionic polymer and its breakdown appears to improve the viscosity and viscoelasticity of purulent sputum of individuals with CF."
DCC1819	Difenoxin	CAS:28782-42-5	C28H28N2O2	small molecule	approved	424.5341	It is indicated as adjunctive therapy in the management of acute nonspecific diarrhea and acute exacerbations of chronic functional diarrhea.	Difenoxin is a 4-phenylpiperidine which is closely related to the opioid analgesic meperidine. Difenoxin alone is a USA Schedule I controlled drug, as it may be habit forming. However, it is listed as a Schedule IV controlled drug if combined with atropine, which is added to decrease deliberate misuse.	Difenoxin acts as an antidiarrheal by activating peripheral opioid receptors in the small intestine and thereby inhibiting peristalsis. However, research has suggested that non-opioid receptor pathways exist. This would explain the potent antidiarrheal effects of difenoxin despite only limited opioid action.
DCC1820	Dihydroergotamine mesylate	CAS:6190-39-2	C33H37N5O5. CH4SO3	small molecule	approved	679.783	For the acute treatment of migraine headaches with or without aura and the acute treatment of cluster headache episodes.	A 9,10alpha-dihydro derivative of ergotamine. It is used as a vasoconstrictor, specifically for the therapy of migraine disorders.	Two theories have been proposed to explain the efficacy of 5-HT1D receptor agonists in migraine: 1) activation of 5-HT1D receptors located on intracranial blood vessels, including those on arterio-venous anastomoses, leads to vasoconstriction, which correlates with the relief of migraine headache and 2) activation of 5-HT1D receptors on sensory nerve endings of the trigeminal system results in the inhibition of pro-inflammatory neuropeptide release.
DCC1822	Edrophonium chloride	CAS:116-38-1	C10H16NO	small molecule	approved	166.24	It is prescribed to reverse neuromuscular blockade, to treat curare toxicity, and to aid in the diagnosis of suspected myasthenia gravis.	A rapid-onset, short-acting cholinesterase inhibitor used in cardiac arrhythmias and in the diagnosis of myasthenia gravis. It has also been used as an antidote to curare principles.	Edrophonium is a readily reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. It prevents breakdown of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine and acts by competitively inhibiting the enzyme acetylcholinesterase, mainly at the neuromuscular junction.
DCC1823	Estradiol cypionate	CAS:313-06-4	C26H36O3	small molecule	approved	396.5622	It is used by women to help reduce symptoms of menopause (such as hot flashes, vaginal dryness).	Estradiol cypionate is a synthetic ester, specifically the 3-cyclopentylpropanoyl ester, of the natural estrogen, estradiol.	Estradiol cypionate is absorbed more slowly than estradiol itself, and for that reason, it can be administered less often.
DCC1824	Estrogens, esterified	null	null	biotech	approved	null	"Treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms associated with the menopause in those patients not improved by estrogens alone. "	Esterified estrogens are a mixture of several estrogens, a type of female hormone. Estrogens cause growth and development of female sex organs and the maintenance of sex characteristics, including growth of underarm and pubic hair and shaping of body contours and skeleton. Estrogens also increase secretions from the cervix and promote growth of the inner lining of the uterus (endometrium).	Esterification renders these drugs into metabolically-resistant prohormones of their respective parent estrogen, improving oral bioavailability, increasing lipophilicity, and extending half-life (which necessitates less frequent administration)
DCC1825	Etidocaine hydrochloride	CAS:36637-19-1	C17H28N2O. HCl	small molecule	approved	312.878	Etidocaine, marketed under the trade name Duranest, is a local anesthetic given by injection during surgical procedures and labor and delivery.	Etidocaine has a long duration of activity, and the main disadvantage of using during dentistry is increased bleeding during surgery.	Etidocaine stabilizes the neuronal membrane by inhibiting the ionic fluxes required for the initiation and conduction of impulses, thereby effecting local anesthetic action.
DCC1826	Ferrous fumarate	CAS:141-01-5	C4H2O4. Fe	small molecule	approved	169.9013	It is used for Iron deficiency anemia.	Ferrous fumarate which helps restore iron levels in the body when levels are low. The ferrous fumarate salt may help reduce the chances of getting gastro-intestinal problems which are usually associated with other iron salts.	
DCC1827	Fibrinolysin	CAS:9001-90-5	null	small molecule	approved	null	Enzymatic wound cleaning to assist healing of minor burns, superficial wounds, ulcus cruris, and superficial hematoma.	null	Fibrinolysin attacks and inactivates fibrin molecules occurring in undesirable exudates on the surface of the human body and on human mucosa.
DCC1129	Palifermin	CAS:162394-19-6	C721H1142N202O204S9	biotech	approved	16192.7	For treatment of oral mucositis associated with chemotherapy and radiation therapy.	Used in the prevention or treatment of oral mucoscitis (mouth ulcers arising from chemotherapy), Kepivance binds to the human keratinocyte growth factor (KGF) receptor on buccal cell surfaces. Kepivance acts as both a cell growth and survival factor by stimulating epithelial cell proliferation, differentiation, and migration around the tongue and mouth. The KGF receptor is found on many tissues particularly around the tongue, esophagus, salivary gland and other gastro-intestinal tract organs.	Kepivance binds to the human keratinocyte growth factor (KGF) receptor found on buccal cell surfaces. The binding activates a Ras-MapK (Map kinase) signaling pathway which leads to the transcriptional activation of many proteins important for cell growth and survival.
DCC1131	Omalizumab	CAS:242138-07-4	C6450H9916N1714O2023S38	biotech	approved	145058.2	Xolair is indicated for adults and adolescents with moderate to severe persistent asthma.	Xolair inhibits the binding of IgE to the high-affinity IgE receptor (FceRI) on the surface of mast cells and basophils. Reduction in surface-bound IgE on FceRI-bearing cells limits the degree of release of mediators of the allergic response. Xolair is used to treat severe, persisten asthma.	Xolair binds to IgE (a class of antibodies normally secreted in allergic responses), which prevents their binding to mast cells and basophils.
DCC1132	Humalog	CAS:133107-64-9	C257H387N65O76S6	biotech	approved	5808	For the treatment of Type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus. To be used in conjunction with an intermediate or long-acting insulin except when used in a continuous insulin infusion pump.	Insulin is a natural hormone produced by beta cells of the pancreas. In non-diabetic individuals, a basal level of insulin is supplemented with insulin spikes following meals. Increased insulin secretion following meals is responsible for the metabolic changes that occur as the body transitions from a postabsorptive to absorptive state. Insulin promotes cellular uptake of glucose, particularly in muscle and adipose tissues, promotes energy storage via glycogenesis, opposes catabolism of energy stores, increases DNA replication and protein synthesis by stimulating amino acid uptake by liver, muscle and adipose tissue, and modifies the activity of numerous enzymes involved in glycogen synthesis and glycolysis. Insulin also promotes growth and is required for the actions of growth hormone (e.g. protein synthesis, cell division, DNA synthesis). Insulin lispro is a rapid-acting insulin analogue used to mimic postprandial insulin spikes in diabetic individuals. The onset of action of insulin lispro is 10-15 minutes. Its activity peaks 60 minutes following subcutaneous injection and its duration of action is 4-5 hours. Compared to regular human insulin, insulin lispro  has a more rapid onset of action and a shorter duration of action. Insulin lispro is also shown to be equipotent to human insulin on a molar basis.	Insulin lispro binds to the insulin receptor (IR), a heterotetrameric protein consisting of two extracellular alpha units and two transmembrane beta units. The binding of insulin to the alpha subunit of IR stimulates the tyrosine kinase activity intrinsic to the beta subunit of the receptor. The bound receptor autophosphorylates and phosphorylates numerous intracellular substrates such as insulin receptor substrates (IRS) proteins, Cbl, APS, Shc and Gab 1. Activation of these proteins leads to the activation of downstream signaling molecules including PI3 kinase and Akt. Akt regulates the activity of glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) and protein kinase C (PKC), both of which play critical roles in metabolism and catabolism. In humans, insulin is stored in the form of hexamers; however, only insulin monomers are able to interact with IR. Reversal of the proline and lysine residues at positions B28 and B29 of native insulin eliminates hydrophobic interactions and weakens some of the hydrogen bonds that contribute to the stability of the insulin dimers that comprise insulin hexamers. Hexamers of insulin lispro are produced in the presence of zinc and <i>m</i>-cresol. These weakly associated hexamers quickly dissociate upon subcutaneous injection and are absorbed as monomers through vascular endothelial cells. These properties give insulin lispro its fast-acting properties.
DCC1204	Trospium chloride	CAS:10405-02-4	C25H30NO3	small molecule	approved	392.5106	For the treatment of overactive bladder with symptoms of urge urinary incontinence, urgency, and urinary frequency, detrusor instability and frequency of micturition.	Trospium is an antispasmodic, antimuscarinic agent indicated for the treatment of overactive bladder with symptoms of urge urinary incontinence, urgency, and urinary frequency. Receptor assays showed that trospium has negligible affinity for nicotinic receptors as compared to muscarinic receptors at concentrations obtained from therapeutic doses.	Trospium antagonizes the effect of acetylcholine on muscarinic receptors in cholinergically innervated organs. Its parasympatholytic action reduces the tonus of smooth muscle in the bladder.
DCC1205	Midodrine	CAS:133163-28-7	C12H18N2O4	small molecule	approved	254.2823	For the treatment of symptomatic orthostatic hypotension (OH).	Midodrine is a prodrug, i.e., the therapeutic effect of orally administered midodrine is due to the major metabolite desglymidodrine formed by deglycination of midodrine. Desglymidodrine diffuses poorly across the blood-brain barrier, and is therefore not associated with effects on the central nervous system. Administration of midodrine results in a rise in standing, sitting, and supine systolic and diastolic blood pressure in patients with orthostatic hypotension of various etiologies. Standing systolic blood pressure is elevated by approximately 15 to 30 mmHg at 1 hour after a 10-mg dose of midodrine, with some effect persisting for 2 to 3 hours. Midodrine has no clinically significant effect on standing or supine pulse rates in patients with autonomic failure.	Midodrine forms an active metabolite, desglymidodrine, that is an alpha<sub>1</sub>-agonist, and exerts its actions via activation of the alpha-adrenergic receptors of the arteriolar and venous vasculature, producing an increase in vascular tone and elevation of blood pressure. Desglymidodrine does not stimulate cardiac beta-adrenergic receptors.
DCC1207	Citalopram	CAS:59729-33-8	C20H21FN2O	small molecule	approved	324.3919	For the treatment of depression. Unlabeled indications include: treatment of mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, smoking cessation, ethanol abuse, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and diabetic neuropathy.	Citalopram is one of a class of antidepressants known as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). It is used to treat the depression associated with mood disorders. It is also used on occassion in the treatment of body dysmorphic disorder and anxiety. The antidepressant, antiobsessive-compulsive, and antibulimic actions of citalopram are presumed to be linked to its inhibition of CNS neuronal uptake of serotonin. <i>In vitro</i> studies show that citalopram is a potent and selective inhibitor of neuronal serotonin reuptake and has only very weak effects on norepinephrine and dopamine neuronal reuptake. Citalopram has no significant affinity for adrenergic (alpha<sub>1</sub>, alpha<sub>2</sub>, beta), cholinergic, GABA, dopaminergic, histaminergic, serotonergic (5HT<sub>1A</sub>, 5HT<sub>1B</sub>, 5HT<sub>2</sub>), or benzodiazepine receptors; antagonism of such receptors has been hypothesized to be associated with various anticholinergic, sedative, and cardiovascular effects for other psychotropic drugs. The chronic administration of citalopram was found to downregulate brain norepinephrine receptors, as has been observed with other drugs effective in the treatment of major depressive disorder. Citalopram does not inhibit monoamine oxidase.	The antidepressant, antiobsessive-compulsive, and antibulimic actions of citalopram are presumed to be linked to its inhibition of CNS neuronal uptake of serotonin. Citalopram blocks the reuptake of serotonin at the serotonin reuptake pump of the neuronal membrane, enhancing the actions of serotonin on 5HT<sub>1A</sub> autoreceptors. SSRIs bind with significantly less affinity to histamine, acetylcholine, and norepinephrine receptors than tricyclic antidepressant drugs.
DCC1208	Moxifloxacin	CAS:354812-41-2	C21H24FN3O4	small molecule	approved	401.4314	For the treatment of sinus and lung infections such as sinusitis, pneumonia, and secondary infections in chronic bronchitis. Also for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis (pinkeye).	Moxifloxacin is a quinolone/fluoroquinolone antibiotic. Moxifloxacin can be used to treat infections caused by the following bacteria: Aerobic Gram-positive microorganisms: <i>Corynebacterium</i> species, <i>Micrococcus luteus</i>, <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i>, <i>Staphylococcus epidermidis</i>, <i>Staphylococcus haemolyticus</i>, <i>Staphylococcus hominis</i>, <i>Staphylococcus warneri</i>, <i>Streptococcus pneumoniae</i>, and <i>Streptococcus viridans</i> group. Aerobic Gram-negative microorganisms: <i>Acinetobacter lwoffii</i>, <i>Haemophilus influenzae</i>, and <i>Haemophilus parainfluenzae</i>. Other microorganisms: <i>Chlamydia trachomatis</i>.<br/>Moxifloxacin is bactericidal and its mode of action depends on blocking of bacterial DNA replication by binding itself to an enzyme called DNA gyrase, which allows the untwisting required to replicate one DNA double helix into two. Notably the drug has 100 times higher affinity for bacterial DNA gyrase than for mammalian. Moxifloxacin is a broad-spectrum antibiotic that is active against both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria.	The bactericidal action of moxifloxacin results from inhibition of the enzymes topoisomerase II (DNA gyrase) and topoisomerase IV. DNA gyrase is an essential enzyme that is involved in the replication, transcription and repair of bacterial DNA. Topoisomerase IV is an enzyme known to play a key role in the partitioning of the chromosomal DNA during bacterial cell division.
DCC1209	Nelfinavir	CAS:159989-64-7	C32H45N3O4S	small molecule	approved	567.782	Used in combination with other antiviral drugs in the treatment of HIV in both adults and children.	Nelfinavir is a protease inhibitor with activity against Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1). Protease inhibitors block the part of HIV called protease. HIV-1 protease is an enzyme required for the proteolytic cleavage of the viral polyprotein precursors into the individual functional proteins found in infectious HIV-1. Nelfinavir binds to the protease active site and inhibits the activity of the enzyme. This inhibition prevents cleavage of the viral polyproteins resulting in the formation of immature non-infectious viral particles. Protease inhibitors are almost always used in combination with at least two other anti-HIV drugs.	Nelfinavir inhibits the HIV viral proteinase enzyme which prevents cleavage of the gag-pol polyprotein, resulting in noninfectious, immature viral particles.
DCC1280	Entecavir	CAS:142217-69-4	C12H15N5O3	small molecule	approved	277.2792	For the treatment of chronic hepatitis B virus infection in adults with evidence of active viral replication and either evidence of persistent elevations in serum aminotransferases (ALT or AST) or histologically active disease.	Entecavir is a guanosine nucleoside analogue with selective activity against hepatitis B virus (HBV). It is designed to selectively inhibit the Hepatitis B virus, blocking all three steps in the replication process. Entecavir is more efficient than an older Hepatitis B drug, lamivudine.	By competing with the natural substrate deoxyguanosine triphosphate, entecavir functionally inhibits all three activities of the HBV polymerase (reverse transcriptase, rt): (1) base priming, (2) reverse transcription of the negative strand from the pregenomic messenger RNA, and (3) synthesis of the positive strand of HBV DNA. Upon activation by kinases, the drug can be incorporated into the DNA which has the ultimate effect of inhibiting the HBV polymerase activity.
DCC1282	Droperidol	CAS:548-73-2	C22H22FN3O2	small molecule	approved	379.4274	Droperidol is ssed to produce tranquilization and to reduce the incidence of nausea and vomiting in surgical and diagnostic procedures.	Droperidol produces marked tranquilization and sedation. It allays apprehension and provides a state of mental detachment and indifference while maintaining a state of reflex alertness. Droperidol produces an antiemetic effect as evidenced by the antagonism of apomorphine in dogs. It lowers the incidence of nausea and vomiting during surgical procedures and provides antiemetic protection in the postoperative period. Droperidol potentiates other CNS depressants. It produces mild alpha-adrenergic blockade, peripheral vascular dilatation and reduction of the pressor effect of epinephrine. It can produce hypotension and decreased peripheral vascular resistance and may decrease pulmonary arterial pressure (particularly if it is abnormally high). It may reduce the incidence of epinephrine-induced arrhythmias, but it does not prevent other cardiac arrhythmias.	The exact mechanism of action is unknown, however, droperidol causes a CNS depression at subcortical levels of the brain, midbrain, and brainstem reticular formation. It may antagonize the actions of glutamic acid within the extrapyramidal system. It may also inhibit cathecolamine receptors and the reuptake of neurotransmiters and has strong central antidopaminergic action and weak central anticholinergic action. It can also produce ganglionic blockade and reduced affective response. The main actions seem to stem from its potent Dopamine(2) receptor antagonism with minor antagonistic effects on alpha-1 adrenergic receptors as well.
DCC1284	Meperidine	CAS:57-42-1	C15H21NO2	small molecule	approved	247.3327	Used to control moderate to severe pain.	Meperidine is a synthetic opiate agonist belonging to the phenylpiperidine class. Meperidine may produce less smooth muscle spasm, constipation, and depression of the cough reflex than equivalent doses of morphine. The onset of action is lightly more rapid than with morphine, and the duration of action is slightly shorter. The chemical structure of meperidine is similar to local anesthetics. Meperidine is recommended for relief of moderate to severe acute pain and has the unique ability to interrupt postoperative shivering and shaking chills induced by amphotericin B. Meperidine has also been used for intravenous regional anesthesia, peripheral nerve blocks and intraarticular, epidural and spinal analgesia. Meperidine is considered a second-line agent for the treatment of acute pain.	Meperidine is primarily a kappa-opiate receptor agonist and also has local anesthetic effects. Meperidine has more affinity for the kappa-receptor than morphine. Opiate receptors are coupled with G-protein receptors and function as both positive and negative regulators of synaptic transmission via G-proteins that activate effector proteins. Binding of the opiate stimulates the exchange of GTP for GDP on the G-protein complex. As the effector system is adenylate cyclase and cAMP located at the inner surface of the plasma membrane, opioids decrease intracellular cAMP by inhibiting adenylate cyclase. Subsequently, the release of nociceptive neurotransmitters such as substance P, GABA, dopamine, acetylcholine and noradrenaline is inhibited. Opioids also inhibit the release of vasopressin, somatostatin, insulin and glucagon. Opioids close N-type voltage-operated calcium channels (OP2-receptor agonist) and open calcium-dependent inwardly rectifying potassium channels (OP3 and OP1 receptor agonist). This results in hyperpolarization and reduced neuronal excitability.
DCC1285	Prazosin	CAS:19216-56-9	C19H21N5O4	small molecule	approved	383.4011	For treatment of hypertension, symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia, and severe congestive heart failure. May also be used alone or in combination with beta-blockers in the preoperative management of signs and symptoms of pheochromocytoma.	Prazosin is an alpha-adrenergic blocking agent used to treat hypertension and benign prostatic hyperplasia. Accordingly, Prazosin is a selective inhibitor of the alpha1 subtype of alpha adrenergic receptors. In the human prostate, Prazosin antagonizes phenylephrine (alpha1 agonist)-induced contractions, <i>in vitro</i>, and binds with high affinity to the alpha1c adrenoceptor, which is thought to be the predominant functional type in the prostate. Studies in normal human subjects have shown that Prazosin competitively antagonized the pressor effects of phenylephrine (an alpha1 agonist) and the systolic pressor effect of norepinephrine. The antihypertensive effect of Prazosin results from a decrease in systemic vascular resistance and the parent compound Prazosin is primarily responsible for the antihypertensive activity.	Prazosin acts by inhibiting the postsynaptic alpha(1)-adrenoceptors on vascular smooth muscle. This inhibits the vasoconstrictor effect of circulating and locally released catecholamines (epinephrine and norepinephrine), resulting in peripheral vasodilation.
DCC1363	Ibandronate	CAS:114084-78-5	C9H23NO7P2	small molecule	approved	319.2289	For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.	Ibandronate is a nitrogen-containing bisphosphonate in the same class as alendronate and risedronate. Ibandronate inhibits osteoclast-mediated bone resorption. All of the bisphosphonates prevent the breakdown of bone by bone cells called osteoclasts. In persons who are at high risk for osteoporosis, bisphosphonates not only result in increased amounts of bone and bone strength, they also reduce the risk of hip fractures and other bone fractures.	The action of ibandronate on bone tissue is based partly on its affinity for hydroxyapatite, which is part of the mineral matrix of bone. Nitrogen-containing bisphosphonates (such as pamidronate, alendronate, risedronate, ibandronate and zoledronate) appear to act as analogues of isoprenoid diphosphate lipids, thereby inhibiting farnesyl pyrophosphate (FPP) synthase, an enzyme in the mevalonate pathway. Inhibition of this enzyme in osteoclasts prevents the biosynthesis of isoprenoid lipids (FPP and GGPP) that are essential for the post-translational farnesylation and geranylgeranylation of small GTPase signalling proteins. This activity inhibits osteoclast activity and reduces bone resorption and turnover. In postmenopausal women, it reduces the elevated rate of bone turnover, leading to, on average, a net gain in bone mass.
DCC1365	Oxacillin	CAS:66-79-5	C19H19N3O5S	small molecule	approved	401.436	Used in the treatment of resistant staphylococci infections.	Oxacillin is a penicillin beta-lactam antibiotic used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually gram-positive, organisms. The name penicillin can either refer to several variants of penicillin available, or to the group of antibiotics derived from the penicillins. Oxacillin has in vitro activity against gram-positive and gram-negative aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The bactericidal activity of Oxacillin results from the inhibition of cell wall synthesis and is mediated through Oxacillin binding to penicillin binding proteins (PBPs). Oxacillin is stable against hydrolysis by a variety of beta-lactamases, including penicillinases, and cephalosporinases and extended spectrum beta-lactamases.	By binding to specific penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located inside the bacterial cell wall, Oxacillin inhibits the third and last stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis. Cell lysis is then mediated by bacterial cell wall autolytic enzymes such as autolysins; it is possible that Oxacillin interferes with an autolysin inhibitor.
DCC1367	Paroxetine	CAS:61869-08-7	C19H20FNO3	small molecule	approved	329.3654	Labeled indications include: major depressive disorder (MDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), social anxiety disorder (social phobia), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD). Unlabeled indications include: eating disorders, impulse control disorders, vasomotor symptoms of menopause, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic individuals. Brisdelle, which consists of paroxetine mesylate is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms (like hot flashes) associated with menopause.	Paroxetine, an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) type, has no active metabolites and has the highest specificity for serotonin receptors of all the SSRIs. It is used to treat depression resistant to other antidepressants, depression complicated by anxiety, panic disorder, social and general anxiety disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), premenstrual dysphoric disorder, premature ejaculation, and hot flashes of menopause in women with breast cancer. In human platelets, paroxetine blocks the uptake of serotonin. It has weak effects on norepinephrine and dopamine neuronal reuptake.  In vitro radioligand binding studies indicate that paroxetine has little affinity for muscarinic alpha1-, alpha2-, beta-adrenergic-, dopamine (D2)-, 5-HT1-, 5-HT2-, and histamine (H1)-receptors.	Paroxetine is a potent and highly selective inhibitor of neuronal serotonin reuptake. Paroxetine likely inhibits the reuptake of serotonin at the neuronal membrane, enhances serotonergic neurotransmission by reducing turnover of the neurotransmitter, therefore it prolongs its activity at synaptic receptor sites and potentiates 5-HT in the CNS; paroxetine is more potent than both sertraline and fluoxetine in its ability to inhibit 5-HT reuptake. Compared to the tricyclic antidepressants, SSRIs have dramatically decreased binding to histamine, acetylcholine, and norepinephrine receptors. The mechanism of action for the treatment of vasomotor symptoms is unknown.
DCC1368	Adefovir	CAS:142340-99-6	C20H32N5O8P	small molecule	approved	501.4705	For the treatment of chronic hepatitis B in adults with evidence of active viral replication and either evidence of persistent elevations in serum aminotransferases (ALT or AST) or histologically active disease.	Adefovir dipivoxil a diester prodrug of adefovir. Adefovir is an acyclic nucleotide analog with activity against human hepatitis B virus (HBV). The concentration of adefovir that inhibited 50% of viral DNA synthesis (IC50) in vitro ranged from 0.2 to 2.5 &mu;M in HBV transfected human hepatoma cell lines. The combination of adefovir with lamivudine showed additive anti-HBV activity.	Adefovir dipivoxil is a prodrug of adefovir. Adefovir is an acyclic nucleotide analog of adenosine monophosphate which is phosphorylated to the active metabolite adefovir diphosphate by cellular kinases. Adefovir diphosphate inhibits HBV DNA polymerase (reverse transcriptase) by competing with the natural substrate deoxyadenosine triphosphate and by causing DNA chain termination after its incorporation into viral DNA. The inhibition constant (Ki) for adefovir diphosphate for HBV DNA polymerase was 0.1 &mu;M. Adefovir diphosphate is a weak inhibitor of human DNA polymerases alpha and &gamma; with Ki values of 1.18 &mu;M and 0.97&mu;M, respectively.
DCC1133	Insulin glargine	CAS:160337-95-1	C267H404N72O78S6	biotech	approved	6063 Daltons	For the treatment of Type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus in patients over 17 years old who require a long-acting (basal) insulin for the control of hyperglycemia. May be used in pediatric patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus who require a long-acting (basal) insulin for glycemic control.	Insulin is a natural hormone produced by beta cells of the pancreas. In non-diabetic individuals, a basal level of insulin is supplemented with insulin spikes following meals. Increased insulin secretion following meals is responsible for the metabolic changes that occur as the body transitions from a postabsorptive to absorptive state. Insulin promotes cellular uptake of glucose, particularly in muscle and adipose tissues, promotes energy storage via glycogenesis, opposes catabolism of energy stores, increases DNA replication and protein synthesis by stimulating amino acid uptake by liver, muscle and adipose tissue, and modifies the activity of numerous enzymes involved in glycogen synthesis and glycolysis. Insulin also promotes growth and is required for the actions of growth hormone (e.g. protein synthesis, cell division, DNA synthesis). Insulin glargine is a long-acting insulin analogue with a flat and predictable action profile. It is used to mimic the basal levels of insulin in diabetic individuals. The onset of action of insulin glargine is approximately 90 minutes and its duration of action is up to 24 hours. The action profile of insulin glargine is peakless. The significance of this finding is that insulin glargine has a lower chance of nocturnal hypoglycemia.	Insulin glargine binds to the insulin receptor (IR), a heterotetrameric protein consisting of two extracellular alpha units and two transmembrane beta units. The binding of insulin to the alpha subunit of IR stimulates the tyrosine kinase activity intrinsic to the beta subunit of the receptor. The bound receptor autophosphorylates and phosphorylates numerous intracellular substrates such as insulin receptor substrates (IRS) proteins, Cbl, APS, Shc and Gab 1. Activation of these proteins leads to the activation of downstream signaling molecules including PI3 kinase and Akt. Akt regulates the activity of glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) and protein kinase C (PKC), both of which play critical roles in metabolism. Insulin glargine is completely soluble at pH 4, the pH of administered solution, and has low solubility at physiological pH 7.4. Upon subcuteous injection, the solution is neutralized resulting in the formation of microprecipitates. Small amounts of insulin glargine are released from microprecipitates giving the drug a relatively constant concentration over time profile over 24 hours with no pronounced peak. This release mechanism allows the drug to mimic basal insulin levels within the body.
DCC1135	Cetrorelix acetate	CAS:120287-85-6	C70H92ClN17O14	small molecule	approved	1431.038	For the inhibition of premature LH surges in women undergoing controlled ovarian stimulation	Cetrorelix is a synthetic decapeptide with gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) antagonistic activity. GnRH induces the production and release of luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) from the gonadotrophic cells of the anterior pituitary. Due to a positive estradiol (E2) feedback at midcycle, GnRH liberation is enhanced resulting in an LH-surge. This LH-surge induces the ovulation of the dominant follicle, resumption of oocyte meiosis and subsequently luteinization as indicated by rising progesterone levels. Cetrorelix competes with natural GnRH for binding to membrane receptors on pituitary cells and thus controls the release of LH and FSH in a dose-dependent manner.	Cetrorelix binds to the gonadotropin releasing hormone receptor and acts as a potent inhibitor of gonadotropin secretion. It competes with natural GnRH for binding to membrane receptors on pituitary cells and thus controls the release of LH and FSH in a dose-dependent manner.
DCC1136	Somatropin	CAS:12629-01-5	C990H1532N262O300S7	biotech	approved	22129	For treatment of dwarfism, acromegaly and prevention of HIV-induced weight loss	Used in the treatment of dwarfism and growth failure, growth hormone (hGH) stimulates skeletal growth in pediatric patients with growth failure due to a lack of adequate secretion of endogenous GH. Skeletal growth is accomplished at the epiphyseal plates at the ends of a growing bone. Growth and metabolism of epiphyseal plate cells are directly stimulated by GH and one of its mediators, IGF-I (insulin-like growth factor).	"hGH binds to the human growth hormone receptor (GHR). Upon binding, hGH causes dimerization of GHR, activation of the GHR-associated JAK2 tyrosine kinase, and tyrosyl phosphorylation of both JAK2 and GHR. These events recruit and/or activate a variety of signaling molecules, including MAP kinases, insulin receptor substrates, phosphatidylinositol 3' phosphate kinase, diacylglycerol, protein kinase C, intracellular calcium, and Stat transcription factors. These signaling molecules contribute to the GH-induced changes in enzymatic activity, transport function, and gene expression that ultimately culminate in changes in growth and metabolism."
DCC1137	Abciximab	CAS:143653-53-6	C6462H9964N1690O2049S48	biotech	approved	145651.1	Abciximab is indicated as an adjunct to percutaneous coronary intervention for the prevention of cardiac ischemic complications in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention and in patients with unstable angina not responding to conventional medical therapy when percutaneous coronary intervention is planned within 24 hours. Abciximab is intended for use with aspirin and heparin and has been studied only in that setting.	Abciximab inhibits platelet aggregation by preventing the binding of fibrinogen, von Willebrand factor, and other adhesive molecules to GPIIb/IIIa receptor sites on activated platelets. A single intravenous bolus dose from 0.15 mg/kg to 0.30 mg/kg produced rapid dose-dependent inhibition of platelet function. After two hours post-injection with a dose of 0.25 - 0.30 mg/kg, 80% of the GPIIb/IIIa receptors were blocked and platelet aggregation was prevented. GPIIb/IIIa is the major surface receptor involved in the final pathway of platelet aggregation. Bleeding time increases to over 30 minutes at the aforementioned doses. To compare, baseline values were five minutes.	Abciximab binds to the intact platelet GPIIb/IIIa receptor, which is a member of the integrin family of adhesion receptors and the major platelet surface receptor involved in platelet aggregation. This binding is thought to involve steric hindrance and/or conformational alterations which block access of large molecules to the receptor rather than direct interaction with the RGD (arginine-glycine-aspartic acid) binding site of GPIIb/IIIa. By binding to the vitronectin receptor, abciximab blocks effects mediated by this integrin which include cell adhesion. Furthermore, abciximab blocks Mac-1 receptor on monocytes and neutrophils thus inhibiting monocyte adhesion.
DCC1210	Pregabalin	CAS:148553-50-8	C8H17NO2	small molecule	approved	159.2261	Pregabalin is used for the management of neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy or spinal cord injury, and postherpetic neuralgia. It is also used as adjunctive therapy for adult patients with partial onset seizures and management of fibromyalgia.	Pregabalin is a new anticonvulsant drug indicated as an add on therapy for partial onset seizures and for certain types of neuropathic pain. It was designed as a more potent successor to a related drug, gabapentin. Pregabalin binds to the alpha2-delta subunit of the voltage-gated calcium channel in the central nervous system. While pregabalin is a structural derivative of the inhibitory neurotransmitter gamma- aminobutyric acid (GABA), it does not bind directly to GABAA, GABAB, or benzodiazepine receptors, does not augment GABAA responses in cultured neurons, does not alter rat brain GABA concentration or have acute effects on GABA uptake or degradation. However, in cultured neurons prolonged application of pregabalin increases the density of GABA transporter protein and increases the rate of functional GABA transport. Pregabalin does not block sodium channels, is not active at opiate receptors, and does not alter cyclooxygenase enzyme activity. It is inactive at serotonin and dopamine receptors and does not inhibit dopamine, serotonin, or noradrenaline reuptake.	"Pregabalin binds with high affinity to the alpha2-delta site (an auxiliary subunit of voltage-gated calcium channels) in central nervous system tissues. Although the mechanism of action of pregabalin is unknown, results with genetically modified mice and with compounds structurally related to pregabalin (such as gabapentin) suggest that binding to the alpha2-delta subunit may be involved in pregabalin's antinociceptive and antiseizure effects in animal models. In vitro, pregabalin reduces the calcium-dependent release of several neurotransmitters, possibly by modulation of calcium channel function. Studies also suggest that the descending noradrenergic and serotonergic pathways originating from the brainstem may be involved with the mechanism of pregabalin. Interestingly, although pregabalin is a structural derivative of inhibitory neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), it does not bind directly to GABA or benzodiazepine receptors. The sodium channels, opiate receptors, and cyclooxygenase enzymes are not involved with the mechanism of pregabalin. It is also inactive at serotonin and dopamine receptors and does not inhibit dopamine, serotonin, or noradrenaline reuptake."
DCC1218	Ziprasidone	CAS:146939-27-7	C21H21ClN4OS	small molecule	approved	412.936	For the treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders.	"Ziprasidone is a psychotropic agent belonging to the chemical class of benzisoxazole derivatives and is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia. Ziprasidone is a selective monoaminergic antagonist with high affinity for the serotonin Type 2 (5HT2), dopamine Type 2 (D2), 1 and 2 adrenergic, and H1 histaminergic receptors. Ziprasidone acts as an antagonist at other receptors, but with lower potency. Antagonism at receptors other than dopamine and 5HT2 with similar receptor affinities may explain some of the other therapeutic and side effects of Ziprasidone. Ziprasidone's antagonism of muscarinic M1-5 receptors may explain its anticholinergic effects. Ziprasidone's antagonism of histamine H1 receptors may explain the somnolence observed with this drug. Ziprasidone's antagonism of adrenergic a1 receptors may explain the orthostatic hypotension observed with this drug. Ziprasidone functions as an antagonist at the Dopamine D2 , 5HT-2A , and 5HT-1D receptors, and as an agonist at the 5HT-1A receptor. Ziprasidone also inhibits synaptic reuptake of serotonin and norepinephrine."	"Ziprasidone's antipsychotic activity is likely due to a combination of its antagonistic function at D2 receptors in the mesolimbic pathways and at 5HT2A receptors in the frontal cortex. Alleviation of positive symptoms is due to antagonism at D2 receptors while relief of negative symptoms are due to 5HT2A antagonism."
DCC1221	Doxycycline	CAS:564-25-0	C22H24N2O8	small molecule	approved	444.4346	Doxycycline is indicated for use in respiratory tract infections caused by Mycoplasma pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Legionella spp., or Klebsiella spp. It is also used for prophylaxis of malaria. Doxycycline is indicated for a variety of bacterial infections, from Mycobacterium fortuitum and M. marinum, to susceptible E. coli and Brucella spp. It can be used as an alternative to treating plague, tetanus, Campylobacter fetus	Doxycycline, a long-acting tetracycline derived from oxytetracycline, is used to inhibit bacterial protein synthesis and treat non-gonococcal urethritis and cervicitis, exacerbations of bronchitis in patients with COPD, and adult periodontitis.	Doxycycline, like minocycline, is lipophilic and can pass through the lipid bilayer of bacteria. Doxycycline reversibly binds to the 30 S ribosomal subunits and possibly the 50S ribosomal subunit(s), blocking the binding of aminoacyl tRNA to the mRNA and inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis. Doxycycline prevents the normal function of the apicoplast of Plasmodium falciparum, a malaria causing organism.
DCC1224	Carmustine	CAS:154-93-8	C5H9Cl2N3O2	small molecule	approved	214.05	"For the treatment of brain tumors, multiple myeloma, Hodgkin's disease and Non-Hodgkin's lymphomas."	"Carmustine is one of the nitrosoureas indicated as palliative therapy as a single agent or in established combination therapy with other approved chemotherapeutic agents in treatment of brain tumors, multiple myeloma, Hodgkin's disease, and non-Hodgkin's lymphomas. Although it is generally agreed that carmustine alkylates DNA and RNA, it is not cross resistant with other alkylators. As with other nitrosoureas, it may also inhibit several key enzymatic processes by carbamoylation of amino acids in proteins."	Carmustine causes cross-links in DNA and RNA, leading to the inhibition of DNA synthesis, RNA production and RNA translation (protein synthesis). Carmustine also binds to and modifies (carbamoylates) glutathione reductase. This leads to cell death.
DCC1288	Verteporfin	CAS:129497-78-5	C41H42N4O8	small molecule	approved	718.7942	For the treatment of patients with predominantly classic subfoveal choroidal neovascularization due to age-related macular degeneration, pathologic myopia or presumed ocular histoplasmosis syndrome. Verteporfin can also be used to destroy tumors.	Verteporfin, otherwise known as benzoporphyrin derivative, is a medication used in conjunction with laser treatment to eliminate the abnormal blood vessels in the eye associated with conditions such as the wet form of macular degeneration. Verteporfin accumulates in these abnormal blood vessels and, when stimulated by nonthermal red light with a wavelength of 693 nm in the presence of oxygen, produces highly reactive short-lived singlet oxygen and other reactive oxygen radicals, resulting in local damage to the endothelium and blockage of the vessels.	Verteporfin is transported in the plasma primarily by lipoproteins. Once verteporfin is activated by light in the presence of oxygen, highly reactive, short-lived singlet oxygen and reactive oxygen radicals are generated. Light activation of verteporfin results in local damage to neovascular endothelium, resulting in vessel occlusion. Damaged endothelium is known to release procoagulant and vasoactive factors through the lipo-oxygenase (leukotriene) and cyclo-oxygenase (eicosanoids such as thromboxane) pathways, resulting in platelet aggregation, fibrin clot formation and vasoconstriction. Verteporfin appears to somewhat preferentially accumulate in neovasculature, including choroidal neovasculature. However, animal models indicate that the drug is also present in the retina. As singlet oxygen and reactive oxygen radicals are cytotoxic, Verteporfin can also be used to destroy tumor cells.
DCC1293	Duloxetine	CAS:136434-34-9	C18H19NOS	small molecule	approved	297.415	For the acute and maintenance treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as well as acute management of generalized anxiety disorder. Also used for the management of neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy, and fibromyalgia. Has been used in the management of moderate to severe stress urinary incontinence (SUI) in women.	Duloxetine is in a class of medications called selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SSNRIs) and primarily targets major depressive disorders (MDD) and stress urinary incontinence (SUI). Duloxetine is also used to treat pain and tingling caused by diabetic neuropathy (damage to nerves that can develop in people who have diabetes). Known also as LY248686, it is a potent dual inhibitor of serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine, 5-HT) and norepinephrine (NE) reuptake, possessing comparable affinities in binding to NE and 5-HT transport sites. Interestingly, its behavior contrasts to most other dual-reuptake inhibitors. Furthermore, duloxentine lacks affinity for monoamine receptors within the central nervous system.	Duloxetine is a potent inhibitor of neuronal serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake and a less potent inhibitor of dopamine reuptake. Duloxetine has no significant affinity for dopaminergic, adrenergic, cholinergic, histaminergic, opioid, glutamate, and GABA receptors. The antidepressant and pain inhibitory actions of duloxetine are believed to be related to its potentiation of serotonergic and noradrenergic activity in the CNS. The mechanism of action of duloxetine in SUI has not been determined, but is thought to be associated with the potentiation of serotonin and norepinephrine activity in the spinal cord, which increases urethral closure forces and thereby reduces involuntary urine loss.
DCC1297	Cefotaxime	CAS:63527-52-6	C16H17N5O7S2	small molecule	approved	455.465	Used to treat gonorrhoea, meningitis, and severe infections including infections of the kidney (pyelonephritis) and urinary system. Also used before an operation to prevent infection after surgery.	Cefotaxime is a third generation intravenous cephalosporin antibiotic. It has broad spectrum activity against Gram positive and Gram negative bacteria. It does not have activity against <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i>. Cefotaxime works by inhibiting bacterial cell wall biosynthesis. A positive feature of cefotaxime is that it display a resistance to penicillinases and is useful to treat infections that are resistant to penicillin derivatives.	The bactericidal activity of cefotaxime results from the inhibition of cell wall synthesis via affinity for penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs). Cefotaxime shows high affinity for penicillin-binding proteins in the cell wall including PBP Ib and PBP III.
DCC1301	Norgestrel	CAS:6533-00-2	C21H28O2	small molecule	approved	312.446	It is used in the hormonal contraceptive Microgynon 30, among others.	Levonorgestrel is used in emergency contraceptive pills (ECPs), both in a combined Yuzpe regimen which includes estrogen, and as a levonorgestrel-only method.	The primary mechanism of action of levonorgestrel as a progestogen-only emergency contraceptive pill is, according to FIGO, to prevent fertilization by inhibition of ovulation.
DCC1302	Nitazoxanide	CAS:55981-09-4	C12H9N3O5S	small molecule	approved	307.282	For the treatment of diarrhea in adults and children caused by the protozoa <i>Giardia lamblia</i> and for the treatment of diarrhea in children caused by the protozoa <i>Cryptosporidium parvum</i>.	Nitazoxanide is an antifolate containing the pyrrolopyrimidine-based nucleus that exerts its antineoplastic activity by disrupting folate-dependent metabolic processes essential for cell replication. In vitro studies have shown that nitazoxanide inhibits thymidylate synthase (TS), dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR), and glycinamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase (GARFT), all folate-dependent enzymes involved in the de novo biosynthesis of thymidine and purine nucleotides. Nitazoxanide is transported into cells by both the reduced folate carrier and membrane folate binding protein transport systems. Once in the cell, nitazoxanide is converted to polyglutamate forms by the enzyme folylpolyglutamate synthetase. The polyglutamate forms are retained in cells and are inhibitors of TS and GARFT. Polyglutamation is a time- and concentration-dependent process that occurs in tumor cells and, to a lesser extent, in normal tissues. Polyglutamated metabolites have an increased intracellular half-life resulting in prolonged drug action in malignant cells.	The antiprotozoal activity of nitazoxanide is believed to be due to interference with the pyruvate:ferredoxin oxidoreductase (PFOR) enzyme-dependent electron transfer reaction which is essential to anaerobic energy metabolism. Studies have shown that the PFOR enzyme from Giardia lamblia directly reduces nitazoxanide by transfer of electrons in the absence of ferredoxin. The DNA-derived PFOR protein sequence of Cryptosporidium parvum appears to be similar to that of Giardia lamblia. Interference with the PFOR enzyme-dependent electron transfer reaction may not be the only pathway by which nitazoxanide exhibits antiprotozoal activity.
DCC1370	Procaine	CAS:59-46-1	C13H20N2O2	small molecule	approved	236.3101	Used as a local anesthetic primarily in oral surgery	Procaine is an anesthetic agent indicated for production of local or regional anesthesia, particularly for oral surgery. Procaine (like cocaine) has the advantage of constricting blood vessels which reduces bleeding, unlike other local anesthetics like lidocaine. Procaine is an ester anesthetic. It is metabolized in the plasma by the enzyme pseudocholinesterase through hydrolysis into para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA), which is then excreted by the kidneys into the urine.	Procaine acts mainly by inhibiting sodium influx through voltage gated sodium channels in the neuronal cell membrane of peripheral nerves. When the influx of sodium is interrupted, an action potential cannot arise and signal conduction is thus inhibited. The receptor site is thought to be located at the cytoplasmic (inner) portion of the sodium channel. Procaine has also been shown to bind or antagonize the function of N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors as well as nicotinic acetylcholine receptors and the serotonin receptor-ion channel complex.
DCC1372	Nitroglycerin	CAS:55-63-0	C3H5N3O9	small molecule	approved	227.0865	For the prevention of angina	Nitroglycerin, an organic nitrate, is available in many forms as a vasodilator. Nitroglycerin is used in the treatement of angina pectoris and perioperative hypertension, to produce controlled hypotension during surgical procedures, to treat hypertensive emergencies, and to treat congestive heart failure associated with myocardial infarction.	"Similar to other nitrites and organic nitrates, nitroglycerin is converted to nitric oxide (NO), an active intermediate compound which activates the enzyme guanylate cyclase. This stimulates the synthesis of cyclic guanosine 3',5'-monophosphate (cGMP) which then activates a series of protein kinase-dependent phosphorylations in the smooth muscle cells, eventually resulting in the dephosphorylation of the myosin light chain of the smooth muscle fiber. The subsequent release of calcium ions results in the relaxation of the smooth muscle cells and vasodilation."
DCC1374	Nateglinide	CAS:105816-04-4	C19H27NO3	small molecule	approved	317.4226	For the treatment of non-insulin dependent-diabetes mellitus in conjunction with diet and exercise.	Insulin secretion by pancreatic beta cells is partly controlled by cellular membrane potential. Membrane potential is regulated through an inverse relationship between the activity of cell membrane ATP-sensitive potassium channels (ABCC8) and extracellular glucose concentrations. Extracellular glucose enters the cell via GLUT2 (SLC2A2) transporters. Once inside the cell, glucose is metabolized to produce ATP. High concentrations of ATP inhibit ATP-sensitive potassium channels causing membrane depolarization. When extracellular glucose concentrations are low, ATP-sensitive potassium channels open causing membrane repolarization. High glucose concentrations cause ATP-sensitive potassium channels to close resulting in membrane depolarization and opening of L-type calcium channels. The influx of calcium ions stimulates calcium-dependent exocytosis of insulin granules. Nateglinide increases insulin release by inhibiting ATP-sensitive potassium channels in a glucose-dependent manner.	Nateglinide activity is dependent on the presence functioning ¿_ cells and glucose. In contrast to sulfonylurea insulin secretatogogues, nateglinide has no effect on insulin release in the absence of glucose. Rather, it potentiates the effect of extracellular glucose on ATP-sensitive potassium channel and has little effect on insulin levels between meals and overnight. As such, nateglinide is more effective at reducing postprandial blood glucose levels than fasting blood glucose levels and requires a longer duration of therapy (approximately one month) before decreases in fasting blood glucose are observed. The insulinotropic effects of nateglinide are highest at intermediate glucose levels (3 to 10 mmol/L) and it does not increase insulin release already stimulated by high glucose concentrations (greater than 15 mmol/L). Nateglinide appears to be selective for pancreatic ¿_ cells and does not appear to affect skeletal or cardiac muscle or thyroid tissue.
DCC1376	Risperidoene	CAS:106266-06-2	C23H27FN4O2	small molecule	approved	410.4845	For the treatment of schizophrenia in adults and in adolescents, ages 13 to 17, and for the short-term treatment of manic or mixed episodes of bipolar I disorder in children and adolescents ages 10 to 17. May also be used to manage symptoms of inappropriate behavior due to aggression and/or psychosis in patients with severe dementia.	"Risperidone is an atypical antipsychotic medication. It is most often used to treat delusional psychosis (including schizophrenia), but risperidone is also used to treat some forms of bipolar disorder and psychotic depression. It also has shown some success in treating symptoms of Asperger's Syndrome and autism. Risperidone is now the most commonly prescribed antipsychotic medication in the United States."	Blockade of dopaminergic D2 receptors in the limbic system alleviates positive symptoms of schizophrenia such as hallucinations, delusions, and erratic behavior and speech. Blockade of serotonergic 5-HT<sub>2</sub> receptors in the mesocortical tract, causes an excess of dopamine and an increase in dopamine transmission, resulting in an increase in dopamine transmission and an elimination of core negative symptoms. Dopamine receptors in the nigrostriatal pathway are not affected by risperidone and extrapyramidal effects are avoided. Like other 5-HT<sub>2</sub> antagonists, risperidone also binds at alpha(1)-adrenergic receptors and, to a lesser extent, at histamine H1 and alpha(2)-adrenergic receptors.
DCC1377	Esomeprazole	CAS:161796-78-7	C17H19N3O3S	small molecule	approved	345.416	For the treatment of acid-reflux disorders (GERD), peptic ulcer disease, H. pylori eradication, and prevention of gastroinetestinal bleeds with NSAID use.	Esomeprazole is a compound that inhibits gastric acid secretion and is indicated in the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), the healing of erosive esophagitis, and <i>H. pylori</i> eradication to reduce the risk of duodenal ulcer recurrence. Esomeprazole belongs to a new class of antisecretory compounds, the substituted benzimidazoles, that do not exhibit anticholinergic or H2 histamine antagonistic properties, but that suppress gastric acid secretion by specific inhibition of the H<sup>+</sup>/K<sup>+</sup> ATPase at the secretory surface of the gastric parietal cell. By doing so, it inhibits acid secretion into the gsatric lumen. This effect is dose-related and leads to inhibition of both basal and stimulated acid secretion irrespective of the stimulus.	Esomeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor that suppresses gastric acid secretion by specific inhibition of the H<sup>+</sup>/K<sup>+</sup>-ATPase in the gastric parietal cell. By acting specifically on the proton pump, Esomeprazole blocks the final step in acid production, thus reducing gastric acidity.
DCC1138	Gemtuzumab ozogamicin	CAS:220578-59-6	null	biotech	approved	null	For treatment of CD33-positive acute myeloid leukemia in patients 60 and over who are not candidates for other chemotherapy.	Used for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia (AML), mylotarg binds to the CD33 antigen, which is expressed on the surface of leukemic cells in more than 80% of patients with AML. The CD33 antigen is not expressed on pluripotent hematopoietic stem cells or nonhematopoietic cells. This gives mylotarg the selectivity needed to target leukemic cells.	Mylotarg is directed against the CD33 antigen expressed by hematopoietic cells. Binding of the anti-CD33 antibody portion of Mylotarg with the CD33 antigen results in the formation of a complex that is internalized. Upon internalization, the calicheamicin derivative is released inside the lysosomes of the myeloid cell. The released calicheamicin derivative binds to DNA in the minor groove resulting in DNA double strand breaks and cell death.
DCC1140	Interferon beta 1a	CAS:145258-61-3	C908H1408N246O252S7	biotech	approved	20027	For treatment of relapsing/remitting multiple sclerosis, also for condyloma acuminatum	"Interferon beta upregulates the expression of MHC I proteins, allowing for increased presentation of peptides derived from viral antigens. This enhances the activation of CD8+ T cells that are the precursors for cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) and makes the macrophage a better target for CTL-mediated killing. Type I interferons also induce the synthesis of several key antiviral mediators including 2'-5' oligoadenylate synthetase (2'-5' A synthetase), beta-2 microglobulin and neopterin."	Interferon beta binds to type I interferon receptors (IFNAR1 and IFNAR2c) which, upon dimerization, activate two Jak (Janus kinase) tyrosine kinases (Jak1 and Tyk2). These transphosphorylate themselves and phosphorylate the receptors. The phosphorylated INFAR receptors then bind to Stat1 and Stat2 (signal transducers and activators of transcription) which dimerize and activate multiple (~100) immunomodulatory and antiviral proteins. Interferon beta binds more stably to type I interferon receptors than interferon alpha.
DCC1142	Eptifibatide	CAS:188627-80-7	C35H49N11O9S2	biotech	approved	831.962	For treatment of myocardial infarction and acute coronary syndrome.	Eptifibatide is an anti-coagulant that selectively blocks the platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa receptor. Eptifibatide is a cyclic heptapeptide derived from a protein found in the venom of the southeastern pygmy rattlesnake (Sistrurus miliarus barbouri). It belongs to the class of the so called arginin-glycin-aspartat-mimetics and reversibly binds to platelets.	Eptifibatide inhibits platelet aggregation by reversibly binding to the platelet receptor glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIa of human platelets, thus preventing the binding of fibrinogen, von Willebrand factor, and other adhesive ligands. Inhibition of platelet aggregation occurs in a dose- and concentration-dependent manner.
DCC1143	Infliximab	CAS:170277-31-3	C6428H9912N1694O1987S46	biotech	approved	144190.3	"To manage the signs and symptoms, as well as to induce and maintain clinical remission in adults with moderate to severe active Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis. Also used to manage signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis (in conjunction with methotrexate), ankylosing spondylitis, psoriatic arthritis, and juvenile arthritis."	Infliximab is a chimeric human-murine anti-human tumor necrosis factor (TNF) monoclonal antibody. It binds to tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFa) and inhibits binding of TNFa with its receptors. This reduces production of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as interleukins (IL) 1 and 6. This also limits leukocyte migration and expression of adhesion molecules by endothelial cells and leukocytes. Infliximab also limits the activation of neutrophil and eosinophil functional activity, reduces production of tissue degrading enzymes produced by synoviocytes and/or chondrocytes. Infliximab decreases synovitis and joint erosions in collagen-induced arthritis and allows eroded joints to heal.	Infliximab neutralizes the biological activity of TNFa by binding with high affinity to the soluble and transmembrane forms of TNFa and inhibits binding of TNFa with its receptors. Infliximab does not neutralize TNFb (lymphotoxin a), a related cytokine that utilizes the same receptors as TNFa. Neutralization of the biological activity of TNFa leads to an overall reduction in inflammation.
DCC1144	Follitropin beta	CAS:9002-68-0	C975H1513N267O304S26	biotech	approved	22672.9	Follitropin beta is used to treat infertility in both men and women.	Used for the treatment of female infertility, Follitropin beta or follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) stimulates ovarian follicular growth in women who do not have primary ovarian failure. FSH, the active component of Follitropin beta is the primary hormone responsible for follicular recruitment and development.	Follitropin alpha is a recombinant form of endogenous follicle stimulating hormone (FSH). FSH binds to the follicle stimulating hormone receptor which is a G-coupled transmembrane receptor. Binding of the FSH to its receptor seems to induce phosphorylation and activation of the PI3K (Phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase) and Akt signaling pathway, which is known to regulate many other metabolic and related survival/maturation functions in cells.
DCC1145	Vasopressin	CAS:11000-17-2	C43H67N15O12S2	biotech	approved	1050.215	For the treatment of enuresis, polyuria, diabetes insipidus, polydipsia and oesophageal varices with bleeding	Vasopressin is an antidiuretic hormone indicated for the prevention and treatment of postoperative abdominal distention, in abdominal roentgenography to dispel interfering gas shadows, and in diabetes insipidus. Vasopressin can cause contraction of smooth muscle of the gastrointestinal tract and of all parts of the vascular bed, especially the capillaries, small arterioles and venules. It has less effect on the smooth musculature of the large veins. Vasopressin may also be used to control bleeding in some forms of von Willebrand disease and to treat extreme cases of bed wetting in children. It may also play a role in memory formation although the mechanism is unknown.	Vasopressin acts on three different receptors, vasopressin receptor V1a (which initiates vasoconstriction, liver gluconeogenesis, platelet aggregation and release of factor VIII), vasopressin receptor V1b (which mediates corticotrophin secretion from the pituitary) and vasopressin receptor V2 which controls free water reabsorption in the renal medullar. The binding of vasopressin to the V2 receptor activates adenylate cyclase which causes the release of aquaporin 2 channels into the cells lining the renal medullar duct. This allows water to be reabsorbed down an osmotic gradient so the urine is more concentrated.
DCC1227	Argatroban	CAS:74863-84-6	C23H36N6O5S	small molecule	approved	508.634	Argatroban is indicated for prevention and treatment of thrombosis caused by heparin induced thrombocytopenia (HIT). It is also indicated for use in patients with, or at risk for, HIT who are undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.	Argatroban is a synthetic direct thrombin inhibitor derived from L-arginine indicated as an anticoagulant for prophylaxis or treatment of thrombosis in patients with heparin-induced thrombocytopenia. Argatroban is a direct thrombin inhibitor that reversibly binds to the thrombin active site. Argatroban does not require the co-factor antithrombin III for antithrombotic activity. Argatroban exerts its anticoagulant effects by inhibiting thrombin-catalyzed or -induced reactions, including fibrin formation; activation of coagulation factors V, VIII, and XIII; protein C; and platelet aggregation. Argatroban is highly selective for thrombin with an inhibitory constant (K<sub>i</sub>) of 0.04 &micro;M. At therapeutic concentrations, Argatroban has little or no effect on related serine proteases (trypsin, factor Xa, plasmin, and kallikrein).Argatroban is capable of inhibiting the action of both free and clot-associated thrombin.	Argatroban exerts its anticoagulant effects by inhibiting thrombin-catalyzed or -induced reactions, including fibrin formation; activation of coagulation factors V, VIII, and XIII; protein C; and platelet aggregation.
DCC1231	Venlafaxine	CAS:93413-69-5	C17H27NO2	small molecule	approved	277.4018	For the management of major depressive disorder (MDD), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), social anxiety disorder (social phobia), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, vasomotor symptoms in women with breast cancer and in postmenopausal women, and neuropathic pain.	Venlafaxine potentiates the neurotransmitter activity in the central nervous system. Furthermore, venlafaxine and its metabolite, O-desmethylvenlafaxine (ODV) potently inhibit the reuptake of serotonin and norepinephrine and weakly inhibit dopamine reuptake. Both molecules do not bind to muscarinic, histaminergic, or alpha-1 adrenergic receptors. Pharmacologic activity at these receptors is hypothesized to be associated with the various anticholinergic, sedative, and cardiovascular effects seen with other psychotropic drugs.  Both also do not have any monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitory activity.	The exact mechanism of action of venlafaxine is unknown, but appears to be associated with the its potentiation of neurotrasmitter activity in the CNS. Venlafaxine and its active metabolite, O-desmethylvenlafaxine (ODV), inhibit the reuptake of both serotonin and norepinephrine with a potency greater for the 5-HT than for the NE reuptake process. Both venlafaxine and the ODV metabolite have weak inhibitory effects on the reuptake of dopamine but, unlike the tricyclics and similar to SSRIs, they are not active at histaminergic, muscarinic, or alpha(1)-adrenergic receptors.
DCC1234	Bleomycin sulfate	CAS:11056-06-7	C55H84N17O21S3	small molecule	approved	1415.552	For palliative treatment in the management malignant neoplasm (trachea, bronchus, lung), squamous cell carcinoma, and lymphomas.	Bleomycin is an antibiotic which has been shown to have antitumor activity. Bleomycin selectively inhibits the synthesis of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA). The guanine and cytosine content correlates with the degree of mitomycin-induced cross-linking. At high concentrations of the drug, cellular RNA and protein synthesis are also suppressed. Bleomycin has been shown <i>in vitro</i> to inhibit B cell, T cell, and macrophage proliferation and impair antigen presentation, as well as the secretion of interferon gamma, TNFa, and IL-2. The antibiotic antitumor drugs are cell cycle-nonspecific except for Bleomycin (which has major effects in G2 and M phases).	Although the exact mechanism of action of bleomycin is unknown, available evidence would seem to indicate that the main mode of action is the inhibition of DNA synthesis with some evidence of lesser inhibition of RNA and protein synthesis. DNA cleavage by bleomycin depends on oxygen and metal ions, at least in vitro. It is believed that bleomycin chelates  metal ions (primarily iron) producing a pseudoenzyme that reacts with oxygen to produce superoxide and hydroxide free radicals that cleave DNA.
DCC1235	Chlorambucil	CAS:305-03-3	C14H19Cl2NO2	small molecule	approved	304.212	"For treatment of chronic lymphatic (lymphocytic) leukemia,  childhood minimal-change nephrotic syndrome, and malignant lymphomas including lymphosarcoma, giant follicular lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease,  non-Hodgkin's lymphomas."	Chlorambucil is an antineoplastic in the class of alkylating agents that is used to treat various forms of cancer. Alkylating agents are so named because of their ability to add alkyl groups to many electronegative groups under conditions present in cells. They stop tumor growth by cross-linking guanine bases in DNA double-helix strands - directly attacking DNA. This makes the strands unable to uncoil and separate. As this is necessary in DNA replication, the cells can no longer divide. In addition, these drugs add methyl or other alkyl groups onto molecules where they do not belong which in turn inhibits their correct utilization by base pairing and causes a miscoding of DNA. Alkylating agents are cell cycle-nonspecific. Alkylating agents work by three different mechanisms all of which achieve the same end result - disruption of DNA function and cell death.	Alkylating agents work by three different mechanisms: 1) attachment of alkyl groups to DNA bases, resulting in the DNA being fragmented by repair enzymes in their attempts to replace the alkylated bases, preventing DNA synthesis and RNA transcription from the affected DNA, 2) DNA damage via the formation of cross-links (bonds between atoms in the DNA) which prevents DNA from being separated for synthesis or transcription, and 3) the induction of mispairing of the nucleotides leading to mutations.
DCC1238	Ropivacaine	CAS:84057-95-4	C17H26N2O	small molecule	approved	274.4011	Used in obstetric anesthesia and regional anesthesia for surgery.	Ropivacaine, a local anesthetic agent, is indicated for the production of local or regional anesthesia or analgesia for surgery, for oral surgery procedures, for diagnostic and therapeutic procedures, and for obstetrical procedures.	Local anesthetics such as Ropivacaine block the generation and the conduction of nerve impulses, presumably by increasing the threshold for electrical excitation in the nerve, by slowing the propagation of the nerve impulse, and by reducing the rate of rise of the action potential. Specifically, they block the sodium-channel and decrease chances of depolarization and consequent action potentials. In general, the progression of anesthesia is related to the diameter, myelination and conduction velocity of affected nerve fibers.
DCC1314	Methoxsalen	CAS:298-81-7	C12H8O4	small molecule	approved	216.1895	For the treatment of psoriasis and vitiligo	Methoxsalen selectively inhibits the synthesis of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA). The guanine and cytosine content correlates with the degree of Methoxsalen-induced cross-linking. At high concentrations of the drug, cellular RNA and protein synthesis are also suppressed.	After activation it binds preferentially to the guanine and cytosine moieties of DNA, leading to cross-linking of DNA, thus inhibiting DNA synthesis and function.
DCC1321	Vinblastine	CAS:865-21-4	C46H58N4O9	small molecule	approved	810.9741	"For treatment of breast cancer, testicular cancer, lymphomas, neuroblastoma, Hodgkin's and non-Hodgkin's lymphomas, mycosis fungoides, histiocytosis, and Kaposi's sarcoma."	Vinblastine is a vinca alkaloid antineoplastic agent. The vinca alkaloids are structurally similar compounds comprised of 2 multiringed units: vindoline and catharanthine. The vinca alkaloids have become clinically useful since the discovery of their antitumour properties in 1959. Initially, extracts of the periwinkle plant (<i>Catharanthus roseus</i>) were investigated because of putative hypoglycemic properties, but were noted to cause marrow suppression in rats and antileukemic effects <i>in vitro</i>. Vinblastine has some immunosuppressant effect. The vinca alkaloids are considered to be cell cycle phase-specific.	The antitumor activity of vinblastine is thought to be due primarily to inhibition of mitosis at metaphase through its interaction with tubulin. Vinblastine binds to the microtubular proteins of the mitotic spindle, leading to crystallization of the microtubule and mitotic arrest or cell death.
DCC1328	Labetalol	CAS:36894-69-6	C19H24N2O3	small molecule	approved	328.4055	For the management of hypertension (alone or in combination with other classes of antihypertensive agents), as well as chronic stable angina pectoris and sympathetic overactivity syndrome associated with severe tetanus. Labetalol is used parenterally for immediate reduction in blood pressure in severe hypertension or in hypertensive crises when considered an emergency, for the control of blood pressure in patients with pheochromocytoma and pregnant women with preeclampsia, and to produce controlled hypotension during anesthesia to reduce bleeding resulting from surgical procedures.	"Labetalol is an selective alpha-1 and non-selective beta adrenergic blocker used to treat high blood pressure. It works by blocking these adrenergic receptors, which slows sinus heart rate, decreases peripheral vascular resistance, and decreases cardiac output. Labetalol has two asymmetric centers and therefore, exists as a molecular complex of two diastereoisomeric pairs. Dilevalol, the R,R' stereoisomer, makes up 25% of racemic labetalol."	Labetalol HCl combines both selective, competitive, alpha-1-adrenergic blocking and nonselective, competitive, beta-adrenergic blocking activity in a single substance. In man, the ratios of alpha- to beta- blockade have been estimated to be approximately 1:3 and 1:7 following oral and intravenous (IV) administration, respectively. The principal physiologic action of labetalol is to competitively block adrenergic stimulation of ¿_-receptors within the myocardium (¿_1-receptors) and within bronchial and vascular smooth muscle (¿_2-receptors), and ¿¿1-receptors within vascular smooth muscle. This causes a decrease in systemic arterial blood pressure and systemic vascular resistance without a substantial reduction in resting heart rate, cardiac output, or stroke volume, apparently because of its combined ¿¿- and ¿_-adrenergic blocking activity.
DCC1329	Thiopental	CAS:76-75-5	C11H18N2O2S	small molecule	approved	242.338	For use as the sole anesthetic agent for brief (15 minute) procedures, for induction of anesthesia prior to administration of other anesthetic agents, to supplement regional anesthesia, to provide hypnosis during balanced anesthesia with other agents for analgesia or muscle relaxation, for the control of convulsive states during or following inhalation anesthesia or local anesthesia, in neurosurgical patients with increased intracranial pressure, and for narcoanalysis and narcosynthesis in psychiatric disorders.	Thiopental, a barbiturate, is used for the induction of anesthesia prior to the use of other general anesthetic agents and for induction of anesthesia for short surgical, diagnostic, or therapeutic procedures associated with minimal painful stimuli. Thiopental is an ultrashort-acting depressant of the central nervous system which induces hypnosis and anesthesia, but not analgesia. It produces hypnosis within 30 to 40 seconds of intravenous injection. Recovery after a small dose is rapid, with some somnolence and retrograde amnesia. Repeated intravenous doses lead to prolonged anesthesia because fatty tissues act as a reservoir; they accumulate Pentothal in concentrations 6 to 12 times greater than the plasma concentration, and then release the drug slowly to cause prolonged anesthesia	Thiopental binds at a distinct binding site associated with a Cl<sup>-</sup> ionopore at the GABA<sub>A</sub> receptor, increasing the duration of time for which the Cl<sup>-</sup> ionopore is open. The post-synaptic inhibitory effect of GABA in the thalamus is, therefore, prolonged.
DCC1330	Ivermectin	CAS:70288-86-7	C95H146O28	small molecule	approved	1736.1589	For the treatment of intestinal (i.e., nondisseminated) strongyloidiasis due to the nematode parasite <i>Strongyloides stercoralis</i>. Also for the treatment of onchocerciasis (river blindness) due to the nematode parasite <i>Onchocerca volvulus</i>. Can be used to treat scabies caused by <i>Sarcoptes scabiei</i>.	Ivermectin is a semisynthetic, anthelminitic agent. It is an avermectin which a group of pentacyclic sixteen-membered lactone (i.e. a macrocyclic lactone disaccharide) derived from the soil bacterium Streptomyces avermitilis. Avermectins are potent anti-parasitic agents. Ivermectin is the most common avermectin. It is a broad spectrum antiparasitic drug for oral administration. It is sometimes used to treat human onchocerciasis (river blindness). It is the mixture of 22,23-dihydro-avermectin B1a (at least 90%) and 22,23-dihydro-avermectin B1b (less than 10%).	Ivermectin binds selectively and with high affinity to glutamate-gated chloride ion channels in invertebrate muscle and nerve cells of the microfilaria. This binding causes an increase in the permeability of the cell membrane to chloride ions and results in hyperpolarization of the cell, leading to paralysis and death of the parasite. Ivermectin also is believed to act as an agonist of the neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), thereby disrupting GABA-mediated central nervous system (CNS) neurosynaptic transmission. Ivermectin may also impair normal intrauterine development of O. volvulus microfilariae and may inhibit their release from the uteri of gravid female worms.
DCC1380	Riluzole	CAS:1744-22-5	C8H5F3N2OS	small molecule	approved	234.198	"For the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, Lou Gehrig's Disease)"	Riluzole, a member of the benzothiazole class, is indicated for the treatment of patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). Riluzole extends survival and/or time to tracheostomy. It is also neuroprotective in various <i>in vivo</i> experimental models of neuronal injury involving excitotoxic mechanisms. The etiology and pathogenesis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) are not known, although a number of hypotheses have been advanced. One hypothesis is that motor neurons, made vulnerable through either genetic predisposition or environmental factors, are injured by glutamate. In some cases of familial ALS the enzyme superoxide dismutase has been found to be defective.	The mode of action of riluzole is unknown. Its pharmacological properties include the following, some of which may be related to its effect: 1) an inhibitory effect on glutamate release (activation of glutamate reuptake), 2) inactivation of voltage-dependent sodium channels, and 3) ability to interfere with intracellular events that follow transmitter binding at excitatory amino acid receptors.
DCC1381	Mannitol	CAS:69-65-8	C6H14O6	small molecule	approved	182.1718	Used for the promotion of diuresis before irreversible renal failure becomes established, the reduction of intracranial pressure, the treatment of cerebral edema, and the promotion of urinary excretion of toxic substances.	Chemically, mannitol is an alcohol and a sugar, or a polyol; it is similar to xylitol or sorbitol. However, mannitol has a tendency to lose a hydrogen ion in aqueous solutions, which causes the solution to become acidic. For this reason, it is not uncommon to add a substance to adjust its pH, such as sodium bicarbonate. Mannitol is commonly used to increase urine production (diuretic). It is also used to treat or prevent medical conditions that are caused by an increase in body fluids/water (e.g., cerebral edema, glaucoma, kidney failure). Mannitol is frequently given along with other diuretics (e.g., furosemide, chlorothiazide) and/or IV fluid replacement.	Mannitol is an osmotic diuretic that is metabolically inert in humans and occurs naturally, as a sugar or sugar alcohol, in fruits and vegetables. Mannitol elevates blood plasma osmolality, resulting in enhanced flow of water from tissues, including the brain and cerebrospinal fluid, into interstitial fluid and plasma. As a result, cerebral edema, elevated intracranial pressure, and cerebrospinal fluid volume and pressure may be reduced. As a diurectic mannitol induces diuresis because it is not reabsorbed in the renal tubule, thereby increasing the osmolality of the glomerular filtrate, facilitating excretion of water, and inhibiting the renal tubular reabsorption of sodium, chloride, and other solutes. Mannitol promotes the urinary excretion of toxic materials and protects against nephrotoxicity by preventing the concentration of toxic substances in the tubular fluid. As an Antiglaucoma agent mannitol levates blood plasma osmolarity, resulting in enhanced flow of water from the eye into plasma and a consequent reduction in intraocular pressure. As a renal function diagnostic aid mannitol is freely filtered by the glomeruli with less than 10% tubular reabsorption. Therefore, its urinary excretion rate may serve as a measurement of glomerular filtration rate (GFR).
DCC1384	Deferoxamine	CAS:70-51-9	C25H48N6O8	small molecule	approved	560.684	Used to treat acute iron or aluminum toxicity (an excess of aluminum in the body) in certain patients. Also used in certain patients with anemia who must receive many blood transfusions.	Deferoxamine, otherwise known as desferrioxamine or desferal, is a chelating agent used to remove excess iron or aluminum from the body. It acts by binding free iron or aluminum in the bloodstream and enhancing its elimination in the urine. By removing excess iron or aluminum, the agent reduces the damage done to various organs and tissues, such as the liver.	Deferoxamine works in treating iron toxicity by binding trivalent (ferric) iron (for which it has a strong affinity), forming ferrioxamine, a stable complex which is eliminated via the kidneys. 100 mg of deferoxamine is capable of binding approximately 8.5 mg of trivalent (ferric) iron. Deferoxamine works in treating aluminum toxicity by binding to tissue-bound aluminum to form aluminoxamine, a stable, water-soluble complex. The formation of aluminoxamine increases blood concentrations of aluminum, resulting in an increased concentration gradient between the blood and dialysate, boosting the removal of aluminum during dialysis. 100 mg of deferoxamine is capable of binding approximately 4.1 mg of aluminum.
DCC1386	Etodolac	CAS:41340-25-4	C17H21NO3	small molecule	approved	287.3535	For acute and long-term management of signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis, as well as for the management of pain.	Etodolac is an anti-inflammatory agent with analgesic and antipyretic properties. It is used to treat osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and control acute pain. The therapeutic effects of etodolac are achieved via inhibition of the synthesis of prostaglandins involved in fever, pain, swelling and inflammation. Etodolac is administered as a racemate. As with other NSAIDs, the S-form has been shown to be active while the R-form is inactive. Both enantiomers are stable and there is no evidence of R- to S- conversion <i>in vivo</i>.	Similar to other NSAIDs, the anti-inflammatory effects of etodolac result from inhibition of the enzyme cycooxygenase (COX). This decreases the synthesis of peripheral prostaglandins involved in mediating inflammation. Etodolac binds to the upper portion of the COX enzyme active site and prevents its substrate, arachidonic acid, from entering the active site. Etodolac was previously thought to be a non-selective COX inhibitor, but it is now known to be 50 times more selective for COX-2 than COX-1. Antipyresis may occur by central action on the hypothalamus, resulting in peripheral dilation, increased cutaneous blood flow, and subsequent heat loss.
DCC1161	Anti-thymocyte globulin	null	null	biotech	approved	null	Treating acute kidney transplant rejection with other medicines used to suppress the immune system.	Antithymocyte Globulin (ATG)is a concentrated anti-human T-lymphocyte immunoglobulin preparation derived from rabbits after immunization with a T-lympoblast cell line. ATG is an immunosuppressive product for the prevention and treatment of acute rejection following organ transplantation. ATG reduces the host immune response against tissue transplants or organ allografts.	Binds to multiple, T-cell specific antigens leading to T-lymphocyte cell death via complement mediated cytotoxicity or apoptosis.
DCC1162	Filgrastim	CAS:121181-53-1	C845H1343N223O243S9	biotech	approved	18.8 kDa	Filgrastim is used in patients with acute myeloid leukemia receiving induction or consolidation chemotherapy. It is also used in cancer patients receiving bone marrow transplant. In general, filgrastim increases neutrophil counts in order to decrease the risk of infection or duration of neutropenia in the aforementioned patient populations. Infection and neutropenia are adverse events associated with chemotherapy. Furthermore, filgrastim is also indicated for patients with severe chronic neutropenia. It mobilizes hematopoietic progenitor cells into the peripheral blood for collection by leukapheresis to allow for a more rapid engraftment. Tbo-filgrastim has a narrower indication profile than Neupogen - it is a leukocyte growth factor indicated for the reduction in the duration of severe neutropenia in patients with non-myeloid malignancies.	Used in the treatment of chemotherapy-induced neutropenia by enhancing the production of neutrophils. Filgrastim acts on hematopoietic cells by binding to specific cell surface receptors thereby stimulating proliferation, differentiation, commitment, and end cell functional activation. When tbo-filgrastim is administered to cancer patients, it took 3-5 days to reach maximum absolute neutrophil count (ANC). Levels of neutrophils returned to baseline by 21 days following completion of chemotherapy. In the healthy volunteer trials, doubling the tbo-filgrastim subcutaneous dose from 5 to 10 mcg/kg resulted in a 16-19% increase in the ANCmax and a 33-36% increase in the area under the effect curve for ANC.	Filgrastim binds to the G-CSF receptor and stimulates the production of neutrophils in the bone marrow. As a G-CSF analog, it controls proliferation of committed progenitor cells and influences their maturation into mature neutrophils. Filgrastim also stimulates the release of neutrophils from bone marrow storage pools and reduces their maturation time. Filgrastim acts to increase the phagocytic activity of mature neutrophils. In patients receiving cytotoxic chemotherapy, Filgrastim can accelerate neutrophil recovery, leading to a reduction in duration of the neutropenic phase
DCC1164	Octreotide	CAS:83150-76-9	C49H66N10O10S2	small molecule	approved	1019.239	For treatment of acromegaly and reduction of side effects from cancer chemotherapy	Octreotide exerts pharmacologic actions similar to the natural hormone, somatostatin. It is an even more potent inhibitor of growth hormone, glucagon, and insulin than somatostatin. Like somatostatin, it also suppresses leuteinizing hormone (LH) response to GnRH, decreases splanchnic blood flow, and inhibits release of serotonin, gastrin, vasoactive intestinal peptide, secretin, motilin, and pancreatic polypeptide. Octreotide has been used to treat the symptoms associated with metastatic carcinoid tumors (flushing and diarrhea), and Vasoactive Intestinal Peptide (VIP) secreting adenomas (watery diarrhea). Octreotide substantially reduces and in many cases can normalize growth hormone and/or IGF-1 (somatomedin C) levels in patients with acromegaly.	Octreotide binds to somatostatin receptors. These receptors are coupled via pertussis toxin sensitive G proteins which lead to inhibition of adenylyl cyclase. Octreotide binding to these receptors also stimulates phosphotyrosine phosphatase and activation of the Na(+)/H(+) exchanger via pertussis toxin insensitive G proteins.
DCC1165	Interferon alfa-2b	CAS:99210-65-8	C860H1353N229O255S9	biotech	approved	19271	"For the treatment of hairy cell leukemia, malignant melanoma, and AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma."	"Upregulates the expression of MHC I proteins, allowing for increased presentation of peptides derived from viral antigens. This enhances the activation of CD8+ T cells that are the precursors for cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) and makes the macrophage a better target for CTL-mediated killing. Interferon alpha also induce the synthesis of several key antiviral mediators, including 2'-5' oligoadenylate synthetase (2'-5' A synthetase) and protein kinase R."	Interferon alpha binds to type I interferon receptors (IFNAR1 and IFNAR2c) which upon dimerization activate two Jak (Janus kinase) tyrosine kinases (Jak1 and Tyk2). These transphosphorylate themselves and phosphorylate the receptors. The phosphorylated INFAR receptors then bind to Stat1 and Stat2 (signal transducers and activators of transcription)which dimerize and activate multiple (~100) immunomodulatory and antiviral proteins. Interferon alpha binds less stably to type I interferon receptors than interferon beta.
DCC1149	Basiliximab	CAS:152923-56-3	C6378H9844N1698O1997S48	biotech	approved	143801.3	For prophylactic treatment of kidney transplant rejection.	Basiliximab functions as an IL-2 receptor antagonist. Specifically it inhibits IL-2-mediated activation of lymphocytes, a critical pathway in the cellular immune response involved in allograft rejection.	Basiliximab binds with high-affinity to the alpha-subunit (CD25) of the high-affinity IL-2 receptor. This inhibits IL-2 binding, which inhibits T-cell activation and prevents the body from mounting an immune response against the foreign kidney.
DCC1160	Pregnyl	CAS:177073-44-8	C1105H1770N318O336S26	biotech	approved	25719.7	Treating fertility problems in certain women who have not gone through menopause. Treating certain testicular development problems and stimulating the development of secondary sexual characteristics in certain patients.	Choriogonadotropin alfa is used to treat female infertility, Choriogonadotropin alfa stimulates late follicular maturation and resumption of oocyte meiosis, and initiates rupture of the pre-ovulatory ovarian follicle. Ovidrel is an analogue of Luteinizing Hormone (LH) and binds to the LH/hCG receptor of the granulosa and theca cells of the ovary to effect these changes in the absence of an endogenous LH surge.	Choriogonadotropin alfa binds to the Follicle stimulating hormone receptor which results in ovulation in the absence of sufficient endogenous Luteinizing hormone.
DCC1239	Floxacillin	CAS:5250-39-5	C19H17ClFN3O5S	small molecule	approved	453.872	Used to treat bacterial infection by susceptible microorganisms.	Flucloxacillin is a penicillin beta-lactam antibiotic used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually gram-positive, organisms. The name penicillin can either refer to several variants of penicillin available, or to the group of antibiotics derived from the penicillins. Flucloxacillin has <i>in vitro</i> activity against gram-positive and gram-negative aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The bactericidal activity of Flucloxacillin results from the inhibition of cell wall synthesis and is mediated through flucloxacillin binding to penicillin binding proteins (PBPs). Flucloxacillin is stable against hydrolysis by a variety of beta-lactamases, including penicillinases, and cephalosporinases and extended spectrum beta-lactamases.	By binding to specific penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located inside the bacterial cell wall, flucloxacillin inhibits the third and last stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis. Cell lysis is then mediated by bacterial cell wall autolytic enzymes such as autolysins; it is possible that flucloxacillin interferes with an autolysin inhibitor.
DCC1240	Ertapenem	CAS:153832-46-3	C22H25N3O7S	small molecule	approved	475.515	For the treatment the following moderate to severe infections caused by susceptible isolates of the designated microorganisms: (1) complicated intra-abdominal infections due to <i>Escherichia coli</i>, <i>Clostridium clostridioforme</i>, <i>Eubacterium lentum</i>, <i>Peptostreptococcus</i> species, <i>Bacteroides fragilis</i>, <i>Bacteroides distasonis</i>, <i>Bacteroides ovatus</i>, <i>Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron</i>, or <i>Bacteroides uniformis</i>, (2) complicated skin and skin structure infections, including diabetic foot infections without osteomyelitis due to <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i> (methicillin susceptible isolates only), <i>Streptococcus agalactiae</i>, <i>Streptococcus pyogenes</i>, <i>Escherichia coli</i>, <i>Klebsiella pneumoniae</i>, <i>Proteus mirabilis</i>, <i>Bacteroides fragilis</i>, <i>Peptostreptococcus</i> species, <i>Porphyromonas asaccharolytica</i>, or <i>Prevotella bivia</i>, (3) community acquired pneumonia due to <i>Streptococcus pneumoniae</i> (penicillin susceptible isolates only) including cases with concurrent bacteremia, <i>Haemophilus influenzae</i> (beta-lactamase negative isolates only), or <i>Moraxella catarrhalis</i>, (4) complicated urinary tract infections including pyelonephritis due to <i>Escherichia coli</i>, including cases with concurrent bacteremia, or <i>Klebsiella pneumoniae</i>, (5) acute pelvic infections including postpartum endomyometritis, septic abortion and post surgical gynecologic infections due to <i>Streptococcus agalactiae</i>, <i>Escherichia coli</i>, <i>Bacteroides fragilis</i>, <i>Porphyromonas asaccharolytica</i>, <i>Peptostreptococcus</i> species, or <i>Prevotella bivia</i>.	Ertapenem has in vitro activity against gram-positive and gram-negative aerobic and anaerobic bacteria.	The bactericidal activity of ertapenem results from the inhibition of cell wall synthesis and is mediated through ertapenem binding to penicillin binding proteins (PBPs). In <i>Escherichia coli</i>, it has strong affinity toward PBPs 1a, 1b, 2, 3, 4 and 5 with preference for PBPs 2 and 3. Ertapenem is stable against hydrolysis by a variety of beta-lactamases, including penicillinases, and cephalosporinases and extended spectrum beta-lactamases. Ertapenem is hydrolyzed by metallo-beta-lactamases.
DCC1241	Desogestrel	CAS:54024-22-5	C22H30O	small molecule	approved	310.473	For the prevention of pregnancy in women who elect to use this product as a method of contraception.	"Desogestrel is used as a female contraceptive. Desogestrel is a progestin or a synthetic form of the naturally occurring female sex hormone, progesterone. In a woman's normal menstrual cycle, an egg matures and is released from the ovaries (ovulation). The ovary then produces progesterone, preventing the release of further eggs and priming the lining of the womb for a possible pregnancy. If pregnancy occurs, progesterone levels in the body remain high, maintaining the womb lining. If pregnancy does not occur, progesterone levels in the body fall, resulting in a menstrual period. Desogestrel tricks the body processes into thinking that ovulation has already occurred, by maintaining high levels of the synthetic progesterone. This prevents the release of eggs from the ovaries."	Binds to the progesterone and estrogen receptors. Target cells include the female reproductive tract, the mammary gland, the hypothalamus, and the pituitary. Once bound to the receptor, progestins like desogestrel will slow the frequency of release of gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) from the hypothalamus and blunt the pre-ovulatory LH (luteinizing hormone) surge.
DCC1242	Bexarotene	CAS:153559-49-0	C24H28O2	small molecule	approved	348.4779	Used orally for the treatment of skin manifestations of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL) in patients who are refractory to at least one prior systemic therapy. Also used topically for the treatment of skin lesions in early (stage IA and IB) CTCL in patients who experience refractory or persistent disease with the use of other therapies or are intolerant of other therapies.	Bexarotene is a member of a subclass of retinoids that selectively activate retinoid X receptors (RXRs). These retinoid receptors have biologic activity distinct from that of retinoic acid receptors (RARs). Bexarotene is indicated for the treatment of cutaneous manifestations of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma in patients who are refractory to at least one prior systemic therapy. Bexarotene selectively binds and activates retinoid X receptor subtypes. RXRs can form heterodimers with various receptor partners such as retinoic acid receptors (RARs), vitamin D receptor, thyroid receptor, and peroxisome proliferator activator receptors (PPARs). Once activated, these receptors function as transcription factors that regulate the expression of genes that control cellular differentiation and proliferation. Bexarotene inhibits the growth <i>in vitro</i> of some tumor cell lines of hematopoietic and squamous cell origin. It also induces tumor regression <i>in vivo</i> in some animal models.	Bexarotene selectively binds with and activates retinoid X receptor subtypes. There are three subtypes in total: RXR alpha, RXR beta, RXR gama. The exact mechanism of action of bexarotene in the treatment of CTCL is unknown but the drug has activity in all clinical stages of CTCL.
DCC1332	Nafcillin	CAS:985-16-0	C21H22N2O5S	small molecule	approved	414.475	For the treatment of infections caused by penicillinase-producing staphylococci which have demonstrated susceptibility to the drugs.	Nafcillin is a semisynthetic antibiotic substance derived from 6-amino-penicillanic acid. The drugs in this class are highly resistant to inactivation by staphylococcal penicillinase and are active against penicillinase-producing and non penicillinase-producing strains of Staphylococcus aureus. The penicillinase- resistant penicillins are active in vitro against a variety of other bacteria.	Penicillinase-resistant penicillins exert a bactericidal action against penicillin-susceptible microorganisms during the state of active multiplication. All penicillins inhibit the biosynthesis of the bacterial cell wall.
DCC1333	Chloroquine	CAS:54-05-7	C18H26ClN3	small molecule	approved	319.872	For the suppressive treatment and for acute attacks of malaria due to P. vivax, P.malariae, P. ovale, and susceptible strains of P. falciparum, Second-line agent in treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis	Chloroquine is the prototype anti malarial drug, most widely used to treat all types of malaria except for disease caused by chloroquine resistant <i>Plasmodium falciparum</i>. It is highly effective against erythrocytic forms of <i>Plasmodium vivax</i>, <i>Plasmodium ovale</i> and <i>Plasmodium malariae</i>, sensitive strains of <i>Plasmodium falciparum</i> and gametocytes of <i>Plasmodium vivax</i>. Being alkaline, the drug reaches high concentration within the food vacuoles of the parasite and raises its pH. It is found to induce rapid clumping of the pigment. Chloroquine inhibits the parasitic enzyme heme polymerase that converts the toxic heme into non-toxic hemazoin, thereby resulting in the accumulation of toxic heme within the parasite. It may also interfere with the biosynthesis of nucleic acids.	The mechanism of plasmodicidal action of chloroquine is not completely certain. Like other quinoline derivatives, it is thought to inhibit heme polymerase activity. This results in accumulation of free heme, which is toxic to the parasites.  nside red blood cells, the malarial parasite must degrade hemoglobin to acquire essential amino acids, which the parasite requires to construct its own protein and for energy metabolism. Digestion is carried out in a vacuole of the parasite cell.During this process, the parasite produces the toxic and soluble molecule heme. The heme moiety consists of a porphyrin ring called Fe(II)-protoporphyrin IX (FP). To avoid destruction by this molecule, the parasite biocrystallizes heme to form hemozoin, a non-toxic molecule. Hemozoin collects in the digestive vacuole as insoluble crystals.Chloroquine enters the red blood cell, inhabiting parasite cell, and digestive vacuole by simple diffusion. Chloroquine then becomes protonated (to CQ2+), as the digestive vacuole is known to be acidic (pH 4.7); chloroquine then cannot leave by diffusion. Chloroquine caps hemozoin molecules to prevent further biocrystallization of heme, thus leading to heme buildup. Chloroquine binds to heme (or FP) to form what is known as the FP-Chloroquine complex; this complex is highly toxic to the cell and disrupts membrane function. Action of the toxic FP-Chloroquine and FP results in cell lysis and ultimately parasite cell autodigestion. In essence, the parasite cell drowns in its own metabolic products.
DCC1334	Furazolidone	CAS:67-45-8	C8H7N3O5	small molecule	approved	225.1583	For the specific and symptomatic treatment of bacterial or protozoal diarrhea and enteritis caused by susceptible organisms.	Furoxone has a broad antibacterial spectrum covering the majority of gastrointestinal tract pathogens including E. coli, staphylococci, Salmonella, Shigella, Proteus, Aerobacter aerogenes, Vibrio cholerae and Giardia lamblia. Its bactericidal activity is based upon its interference with DNA replication and protein production; this antimicrobial action minimizes the development of resistant organisms.	Furazolidone and its related free radical products are believed to bind DNA and induce cross-links. Bacterial DNA is particularly susceptible to this drug leading to high levels of mutations (transitions and transversions) in the bacterial chromosome.
DCC1335	Methyltestosterone	CAS:58-18-4	C20H30O2	small molecule	approved	302.451	Methyltestosterone is an anabolic steroid hormone used to treat men with a testosterone deficiency. It is also used in women to treat breast cancer, breast pain, swelling due to pregnancy, and with the addition of estrogen it can treat symptoms of menopause.	"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group. Testosterone is primarily secreted from the testes of males. In females, it is produced in the ovaries, adrenal glands and by conversion of adrostenedione in the periphery. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid. In both males and females, it plays key roles in health and well-being. Examples include enhanced libido, energy, immune function, and protection against osteoporosis. On average, the adult male body produces about twenty times the amount of testosterone than an adult female's body does."	The effects of testosterone in humans and other vertebrates occur by way of two main mechanisms: by activation of the androgen receptor (directly or as DHT), and by conversion to estradiol and activation of certain estrogen receptors. Free testosterone (T) is transported into the cytoplasm of target tissue cells, where it can bind to the androgen receptor, or can be reduced to 5alpha-dihydrotestosterone (DHT) by the cytoplasmic enzyme 5alpha-reductase. DHT binds to the same androgen receptor even more strongly than T, so that its androgenic potency is about 2.5 times that of T. The T-receptor or DHT-receptor complex undergoes a structural change that allows it to move into the cell nucleus and bind directly to specific nucleotide sequences of the chromosomal DNA. The areas of binding are called hormone response elements (HREs), and influence transcriptional activity of certain genes, producing the androgen effects.
DCC1390	Clopidogrel	CAS:113665-84-2	C16H16ClNO2S	small molecule	approved	321.822	For the reduction of atherosclerotic events (myocardial infarction, stroke, and vascular death) in patients with atherosclerosis documented by recent stroke, recent myocardial infarction, or established peripheral arterial disease.	Since clopidogrel is a prodrug, it must be metabolized by CYP450 enzymes to produce the active metabolite that inhibits platelet aggregation. This active metabolite selectively inhibits adenosine diphosphate (ADP) binding to its platelet P2Y12 receptor and subsequently the ADP-mediated activation of the glycoprotein GPIIb/IIIa complex, thereby inhibiting platelet aggregation.	The active metabolite of clopidogrel prevents binding of adenosine diphosphate (ADP) to its platelet receptor, impairing the ADP-mediated activation of the glycoprotein GPIIb/IIIa complex. It is proposed that the inhibition involves a defect in the mobilization from the storage sites of the platelet granules to the outer membrane. he drug specifically and irreversibly inhibits the P2Y12 subtype of ADP receptor, which is important in aggregation of platelets and cross-linking by the protein fibrin. No direct interference occurs with the GPIIb/IIIa receptor. As the glycoprotein GPIIb/IIIa complex is the major receptor for fibrinogen, its impaired activation prevents fibrinogen binding to platelets and inhibits platelet aggregation. By blocking the amplification of platelet activation by released ADP, platelet aggregation induced by agonists other than ADP is also inhibited by the active metabolite of clopidogrel.
DCC1393	Mometasone	CAS:105102-22-5	C22H28Cl2O4	small molecule	approved	427.361	The inhaler is indicated for the maintenance treatment of asthma as prophylactic therapy. The nasal spray is indicated for the treatment of the nasal symptoms of seasonal allergic and perennial allergic rhinitis.	Mometasone is a medium-potency synthetic corticosteroid with antiinflammatory, antipruritic, and vasoconstrictive properties. Studies in asthmatic patients have demonstrated that mometasone provides a favorable ratio of topical to systemic activity due to its primary local effect along with the extensive hepatic metabolism and the lack of active metabolites. Though effective for the treatment of asthma, glucocorticoids do not affect asthma symptoms immediately. Maximum improvement in symptoms following inhaled administration of mometasone furoate may not be achieved for 1 to 2 weeks or longer after starting treatment. When glucocorticoids are discontinued, asthma stability may persist for several days or longer. Mometasone has been shown in vitro to exhibit a binding affinity for the human glucocorticoid receptor which is approximately 12 times that of dexamethasone, 7 times that of triamcinolone acetonide, 5 times that of budesonide, and 1.5 times that of fluticasone. The clinical significance of these findings is unknown.	Unbound corticosteroids cross cell membranes and bind with high affinity to specific cytoplasmic receptors. Inflammation is decreased by diminishing the release of leukocytic acid hydrolases, prevention of macrophage accumulation at inflamed sites, interference with leukocyte adhesion to the capillary wall, reduction of capillary membrane permeability, reduction of complement components, inhibition of histamine and kinin release, and interference with the formation of scar tissue. The antiinflammatory actions of corticosteroids are thought to involve phospholipase A<sub>2</sub> inhibitory proteins, lipocortins, which control the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes. Mometasone furoate has been shown in vitro to exhibit a binding affinity for the human glucocorticoid receptor which is approximately 12 times that of dexamethasone, 7 times that of triamcinolone acetonide, 5 times that of budesonide, and 1.5 times that of fluticasone.
DCC1395	Alprostadil	CAS:745-65-3	C20H34O5	small molecule	approved	354.481	For palliative, not definitive, therapy to temporarily maintain the patency of the ductus arteriosus until corrective or palliative surgery can be performed in neonates who have congenital heart defects and who depend upon the patent ductus for survival. Also for the treatment of erectile dysfunction due to neurogenic, vasculogenic, psychogenic, or mixed etiology.	Alprostadil (prostaglandin E1) is produced endogenously to relax vascular smooth muscle and cause vasodilation. In adult males, the vasodilatory effects of alprostadil on the cavernosal arteries and the trabecular smooth muscle of the corpora cavernosa result in rapid arteriolar inflow and expansion of the lacunar spaces within the corpora.&nbsp;As the expanded corporal sinusoids are compressed against the tunica albuginea, venous outflow through the subtunical vessels is impeded and penile rigidity develops.&nbsp;This is referred to as the corporal veno-occlusive mechanism. In infants, the vasodilatory effects of alprostadil increase pulmonary or systemic blood flow.	"Alprostadil causes vasodilation by means of a direct effect on vascular and ductus arteriosus (DA) smooth muscle, preventing or reversing the functional closure of the DA that occurs shortly after birth. This is because, as a form of prostaglandinE1 (PGE1) it has multiple effects on blood flow. This results in increased pulmonary or systemic blood flow in infants. In cyanotic congenital heart disease, alprostadil's actions result in an increased oxygen supply to the tissues. In infants with interrupted aortic arch or very severe aortic coarctation, alprostadil maintains distal aortic perfusion by permitting blood flow through the DA from the pulmonary artery to the aorta. In infants with aortic coarctation, alprostadil reduces aortic obstruction either by relaxing ductus tissue in the aortic wall or by increasing effective aortic diameter by dilating the DA. In infants with these aortic arch anomalies, systemic blood flow to the lower body is increased, improving tissue oxygen supply and renal perfusion. When administered by intracavernosal injection or as an intraurethral suppository, alprostadil acts locally to relax the trabecular smooth muscle of the corpora cavernosa and the cavernosal arteries. Swelling, elongation, and rigidity of the penis result when arterial blood rapidly flows into the corpus cavernosum to expand the lacunar spaces. The entrapped blood reduces the venous blood outflow as sinusoids compress against the tunica albuginea."
DCC1177	Succinate	CAS:110-15-6	C4H6O4	small molecule	approved	118.088	For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance		Succinate is an essential component of the Krebs or citric acid cycle and serves an electron donor in the production of fumaric acid and FADH2. It also has been shown to be a good natural antibiotic because of its relative acidic or caustic nature (high concentrations can even cause burns). Succinate supplements have been shown to help reduce the effects of hangovers by activating the degradation of acetaldehyde - a toxic byproduct of alcohol metabolism - into CO2 and H2O through aerobic metabolism. Succinic acid has been shown to stimulate neural system recovery and bolster the immune system. Claims have also been made that it boosts awareness, concentration and reflexes.
DCC1181	Creatine	CAS:57-00-1	C4H9N3O2	small molecule	approved	131.1332	For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance	Creatine is a essential, non-proteinaceous amino acid found in all animals and, in some plants. Creatine is synthesized in the kidney, liver and pancreas from L-arginine, glycine and L-methionine. Following its biosynthesis, creatine is transported to the skeletal muscle, heart, brain and other tissues. Most of the creatine is metabolized in these tissues to phosphocreatine (creatine phosphate). Phosphocreatine is a major energy storage form in the body. Supplemental creatine may have an energy-generating action during anaerobic exercise and may also have neuroprotective and cardioprotective actions.	In the muscles, a fraction of the total creatine binds to phosphate - forming creatine phosphate. The reaction is catalysed by creatine kinase, and the result is phosphocreatine (PCr). Phosphocreatine binds with adenosine diphosphate to convert it back to ATP (adenosine triphosphate), an important cellular energy source for short term ATP needs prior to oxidative phosphorylation.
DCC1166	Oxytocin	CAS:50-56-6	C43H66N12O12S2	biotech	approved	1007.187	To assist in labor, elective labor induction, uterine contraction induction.	Used to induce labor or to enhance uterine contractions during labor. Uterine motility depends on the formation of the contractile protein actomyosin under the influence of the Ca2+-dependent phosphorylating enzyme myosin light-chain kinase. Oxytocin promotes contractions by increasing the intracellular Ca2+, which in turn activates myosins light chain kinase.. Oxytocin has specific receptors in the muscle llining of the uterus and the receptor concentration increases greatly during pregnancy, reaching a maximum in early labor at term.	Binds the oxytocin receptor which leads to an increase in intracellular calcium levels. The oxytocin-oxytocin receptor system plays an important role as an inducer of uterine contractions during parturition and of milk ejection.
DCC1172	Arginine hydrochloride	CAS:74-79-3	C6H14N4O2	small molecule	approved	174.201	Used for nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.	Studies have shown that is has improved immune responses to bacteria, viruses and tumor cells; promotes wound healing and regeneration of the liver; causes the release of growth hormones; considered crucial for optimal muscle growth and tissue repair.	"Many of supplemental L-arginine's activities, including its possible anti-atherogenic actions, may be accounted for by its role as the precursor to nitric oxide or NO. NO is produced by all tissues of the body and plays very important roles in the cardiovascular system, immune system and nervous system. NO is formed from L-arginine via the enzyme nitric oxide synthase or synthetase (NOS), and the effects of NO are mainly mediated by 3,'5' -cyclic guanylate or cyclic GMP. NO activates the enzyme guanylate cyclase, which catalyzes the synthesis of cyclic GMP from guanosine triphosphate or GTP. Cyclic GMP is converted to guanylic acid via the enzyme cyclic GMP phosphodiesterase. NOS is a heme-containing enzyme with some sequences similar to cytochrome P-450 reductase. Several isoforms of NOS exist, two of which are constitutive and one of which is inducible by immunological stimuli. The constitutive NOS found in the vascular endothelium is designated eNOS and that present in the brain, spinal cord and peripheral nervous system is designated nNOS. The form of NOS induced by immunological or inflammatory stimuli is known as iNOS. iNOS may be expressed constitutively in select tissues such as lung epithelium. All the nitric oxide synthases use NADPH (reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate) and oxygen (O2) as cosubstrates, as well as the cofactors FAD (flavin adenine dinucleotide), FMN (flavin mononucleotide), tetrahydrobiopterin and heme. Interestingly, ascorbic acid appears to enhance NOS activity by increasing intracellular tetrahydrobiopterin. eNOS and nNOS synthesize NO in response to an increased concentration of calcium ions or in some cases in response to calcium-independent stimuli, such as shear stress. In vitro studies of NOS indicate that the Km of the enzyme for L-arginine is in the micromolar range. The concentration of L-arginine in endothelial cells, as well as in other cells, and in plasma is in the millimolar range. What this means is that, under physiological conditions, NOS is saturated with its L-arginine substrate. In other words, L-arginine would not be expected to be rate-limiting for the enzyme, and it would not appear that supraphysiological levels of L-arginine which could occur with oral supplementation of the amino acid^would make any difference with regard to NO production. The reaction would appear to have reached its maximum level. However, in vivo studies have demonstrated that, under certain conditions, e.g. hypercholesterolemia, supplemental L-arginine could enhance endothelial-dependent vasodilation and NO production."
DCC1246	Fluorometholone	CAS:426-13-1	C22H29FO4	small molecule	approved	376.4617	For the ophthalmic treatment of corticosteroid-responsive inflammation of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea and anterior segment of the globe.	Corticosteroids such as fluorometholone inhibit the inflammatory response to a variety of inciting agents and probably delay or slow healing. They inhibit the edema, fibrin deposition, capillary dilation, leukocyte migration, capillary proliferation, fibroblast proliferation, deposition of collagen, and scar formation associated with inflammation.	There is no generally accepted explanation for the mechanism of action of ocular corticosteroids. However, corticosteroids are thought to act by the induction of phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins, collectively called lipocortins. It is postulated that these proteins control the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes by inhibiting the release of their common precursor, arachidonic acid. Arachidonic acid is released from membrane phospholipids by phospholipase A2. Their primary target is the cytosolic glucocorticoid receptor. After binding the receptor the newly formed receptor-ligand complex translocates itself into the cell nucleus, where it binds to many glucocorticoid response elements (GRE) in the promoter region of the target genes. The DNA bound receptor then interacts with basic transcription factors, causing the increase in expression of specific target genes.
DCC1247	Hydromorphone	CAS:466-99-9	C17H19NO3	small molecule	approved	285.3377	For the relief of moderate to severe pain such as that due to surgery, cancer, trauma/injury, or burns.	"Hydromorphone is a hydrogenated ketone derivative of morphine that acts as a narcotic analgesic. It has a shorter duration of action than morphine. Hydromorphone is approximately 8 times more potent on a milligram basis than morphine. In addition, hydromorphone is better absorbed orally than is morphine. In clinical settings, Hydromorphone exerts its principal pharmacological effect on the central nervous system and gastrointestinal tract. Its primary actions of therapeutic value are analgesia and sedation. Hydromorphone appears to increase the patient's tolerance for pain and to decrease discomfort, although the presence of the pain itself may still be recognized. In addition to analgesia, alterations in mood, euphoria and dysphoria, and drowsiness commonly occur. Opioids also produce respiratory depression by direct action on brain stem respiratory centers."	Hydromorphone is a narcotic analgesic; its principal therapeutic effect is relief of pain. Hydromorphone interacts predominantly with the opioid mu-receptors. These mu-binding sites are discretely distributed in the human brain, with high densities in the posterior amygdala, hypothalamus, thalamus, nucleus caudatus, putamen, and certain cortical areas. They are also found on the terminal axons of primary afferents within laminae I and II (substantia gelatinosa) of the spinal cord and in the spinal nucleus of the trigeminal nerve. In clinical settings, Hydromorphone exerts its principal pharmacological effect on the central nervous system and gastrointestinal tract. Hydromorphone also binds with kappa-receptors which are thought to mediate spinal analgesia, miosis and sedation.
DCC1244	Pentobarbital	CAS:76-74-4	C11H18N2O3	small molecule	approved	226.2722	It is used in the short-term treatment of insomnia.	Pentobarbital, a barbiturate, is used for the treatment of short term insomnia. It belongs to a group of medicines called central nervous system (CNS) depressants that induce drowsiness and relieve tension or nervousness. Little analgesia is conferred by barbiturates; their use in the presence of pain may result in excitation.	Pentobarbital binds at a distinct binding site associated with a Cl- ionopore at the GABAA receptor, increasing the duration of time for which the Cl- ionopore is open. The post-synaptic inhibitory effect of GABA in the thalamus is, therefore, prolonged. All of these effects are associated with marked decreases in GABA-sensitive neuronal calcium conductance (gCa). The net result of barbiturate action is acute potentiation of inhibitory GABAergic tone. Barbiturates also act through potent (if less well characterized) and direct inhibition of excitatory AMPA-type glutamate receptors, resulting in a profound suppression of glutamatergic neurotransmission.
DCC1245	Floxuridine	CAS:50-91-9	C9H11FN2O5	small molecule	approved	246.1924	For palliative management of gastrointestinal adenocarcinoma metastatic to the liver, when given by continuous regional intra-arterial infusion in carefully selected patients who are considered incurable by surgery or other means. Also for the palliative management of liver cancer (usually administered by hepatic intra-arterial infusion).	Floxuridine is a pyrimidine analog that acts as an inhibitor of the S-phase of cell division. This selectively kills rapidly dividing cells. Floxuridine is an anti-metabolite. Anti-metabolites masquerade as pyramidine-like molecules which prevents normal pyrimidines from being incorporated into DNA during the S phase of the cell cycle. Flurouracil (the end-product of catabolism of floxuridine) blocks an enzyme which converts cytosine nucleosides into the deoxy derivative. In addition, DNA synthesis is further inhibited because fluoruracil blocks the incorporation of the thymdine nucleotide into the DNA strand.	"Floxuridine is rapidly catabolized to 5-fluorouracil, which is the active form of the drug. The primary effect is interference with DNA synthesis and to a lesser extent, inhibition of RNA formation through the drug's incorporation into RNA, thus leading to the production of fraudulent RNA. Fluorouracil also inhibits uracil riboside phophorylase, which prevents the utilization of preformed uracil in RNA synthesis. As well, the monophosphate of floxuridine, 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-phosphate (FUDR-MP) inhibits the enzyme thymidylate synthetase. This leads to the inhibition of methylation of deoxyuridylic acid to thymidylic acid, thus interfering with DNA synthesis."
DCC1336	Alendronate	CAS:66376-36-1	C4H13NO7P2	small molecule	approved	249.096	"For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in women and Paget's disease of bone in both men and women."	"Alendronate, a second-generation bisphosphonate is the first member of a group of drugs which strengthens bone. Alendronate is used to reduce hypercalcemia in tumor-induced bone disease, to treat corticosteroid-induced osteoporosis and Paget's disease, and to prevent osteoporosis in postmenopausal women."	The action of Alendronate on bone tissue is based partly on its affinity for hydroxyapatite, which is part of the mineral matrix of bone. Alendronate also targets farnesyl pyrophosphate (FPP) synthase. Nitrogen-containing bisphosphonates (such as pamidronate, alendronate, risedronate, ibandronate and zoledronate) appear to act as analogues of isoprenoid diphosphate lipids, thereby inhibiting FPP synthase, an enzyme in the mevalonate pathway. Inhibition of this enzyme in osteoclasts prevents the biosynthesis of isoprenoid lipids (FPP and GGPP) that are essential for the post-translational farnesylation and geranylgeranylation of small GTPase signalling proteins. This activity inhibits osteoclast activity and reduces bone resorption and turnover. In postmenopausal women, it reduces the elevated rate of bone turnover, leading to, on average, a net gain in bone mass.
DCC1338	Adenosine	CAS:58-61-7	C10H13N5O4	small molecule	approved	267.2413	Used as an initial treatment for the termination of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PVST), including that associated with accessory bypass tracts, and is a drug of choice for terminating stable, narrow-complex supraventricular tachycardias (SVT). Also used as an adjunct to thallous chloride TI 201 myocardial perfusion scintigraphy (thallium stress test) in patients who are unable to exercise adequately, as well as an adjunct to vagal maneuvers and clinical assessment to establish a specific diagnosis of undefined, stable, narrow-complex SVT.	Adenosine is an endogenous nucleoside occurring in all cells of the body and is not chemically related to other antiarrhythmic drugs. Adenosine may exert its pharmacologic effects by activation of purine (cell surface A<sub>1</sub> and A<sub>2</sub> adenosine) receptors, as well as relax vascular smooth muscles through the reduction in calcium uptake by inhibition of slow inward calcium current and activation of adenylate cyclase in smooth muscle cells. Adenosine may reduce vascular tone by modulation of sympathetic neurotransmission. The drug also has negative chronotropic, dromotropic, and inotropic effects on the heart by slowing conduction time throught he AV node and interrupting AV nodal reentry pathways. Adenosine is a potent vasodilator in most vascular beds, but vasoconstriction is produced in renal afferent arterioles and hepatic veins. The drug produces a net mild to moderate reduction in systolic, diastolic, and mean arterial blood pressure and a reflex increase in heart rate. Adenosine is antagonized competitively by methylxanthines such as caffeine and theophylline, and potentiated by blockers of nucleoside transport such as dipyridamole. Adenosine is not blocked by atropine.	"Adenosine slows conduction time through the AV node and can interrupt the reentry pathways through the AV node, resulting in the restoration of normal sinus rhythm in patients with paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PSVT), including PSVT associated with Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome. This effect may be mediated through the drug's activation of cell-surface A<sub>1</sub> and A<sub>2</sub> adenosine receptors. Adenosine also inhibits the slow inward calcium current and activation of adenylate cyclase in smooth muscle cells, thereby causing relaxation of vascular smooth muscle. By increasing blood flow in normal coronary arteries with little or no increase in stenotic arteries (with little to no increase in stenotic arteries), adenosine produces a relative difference in thallous (thallium) chloride TI 201 uptake in myocardium supplied by normal verus stenotic coronary arteries."
DCC1339	Mebendazole	CAS:31431-39-7	C16H13N3O3	small molecule	approved	295.2927	For the treatment of <i>Enterobius vermicularis</i> (pinworm), <i>Trichuris trichiura</i> (whipworm), <i>Ascaris lumbricoides</i> (common roundworm), <i>Ancylostoma duodenale</i> (common hookworm), <i>Necator americanus</i> (American hookworm) in single or mixed infections.	Mebendazole is a (synthetic) broad-spectrum anthelmintic. The principal mode of action for Mebendazole is by its inhibitory effect on tubulin polymerization which results in the loss of cytoplasmic microtubules.	Mebendazole causes degenerative alterations in the tegument and intestinal cells of the worm by binding to the colchicine-sensitive site of tubulin, thus inhibiting its polymerization or assembly into microtubules. The loss of the cytoplasmic microtubules leads to impaired uptake of glucose by the larval and adult stages of the susceptible parasites, and depletes their glycogen stores. Degenerative changes in the endoplasmic reticulum, the mitochondria of the germinal layer, and the subsequent release of lysosomes result in decreased production of adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which is the energy required for the survival of the helminth. Due to diminished energy production, the parasite is immobilized and eventually dies.
DCC1345	Acamprosate	CAS:77337-76-9	C5H11NO4S	small molecule	approved	181.21	For the maintenance of abstinence from alcohol in patients with alcohol dependence who are abstinent at treatment initiation	Pharmacodynamic studies have shown that acamprosate calcium reduces alcohol intake in alcohol-dependent animals in a dose-dependent manner and that this effect appears to be specific to alcohol and the mechanisms of alcohol dependence. Acamprosate calcium has negligible observable central nervous system (CNS) activity in animals outside of its effects on alcohol dependence, exhibiting no anticonvulsant, antidepressant, or anxiolytic activity.	The mechanism of action of acamprosate in maintenance of alcohol abstinence is not completely understood. Chronic alcohol exposure is hypothesized to alter the normal balance between neuronal excitation and inhibition. <i>in vitro</i> and <i>in vivo</i> studies in animals have provided evidence to suggest acamprosate may interact with glutamate and GABA neurotransmitter systems centrally, and has led to the hypothesis that acamprosate restores this balance. It seems to inhibit NMDA receptors while activating GABA receptors.
DCC1396	Tirofiban	CAS:144494-65-5	C22H36N2O5S	small molecule	approved	440.597	For treatment, in combination with heparin, of acute coronary syndrome, including patients who are to be managed medically and those undergoing PTCA or atherectomy.	Tirofiban prevents the blood from clotting during episodes of chest pain or a heart attack, or while the patient is undergoing a procedure to treat a blocked coronary artery. It is a non-peptide antagonist of the platelet glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIa receptor, and inhibits platelet aggregation. When administered intravenously, tirofiban inhibits ex vivo platelet aggregation in a dose- and concentration-dependent manner. When given according to the recommended regimen, >90% inhibition is attained by the end of the 30-minute infusion. Tirofiban has been recently shown in patients with unstable angina to reduce ischemic events at 48 hours following infusion when compared to standard heparin therapy.	Tirofiban is a reversible antagonist of fibrinogen binding to the GP IIb/IIIa receptor, the major platelet surface receptor involved in platelet aggregation. Platelet aggregation inhibition is reversible following cessation of the infusion of tirofiban.
DCC1399	Sulfasalazine	CAS:599-79-1	C18H14N4O5S	small molecule	approved	398.393	"For the treatment of Crohn's disease and rheumatoid arthritis as a second-line agent."	Sulfasalazine is an anti-inflammatory indicated for the treatment of ulcerative colitis and rheumatoid arthritis.	The mode of action of Sulfasalazine or its metabolites, 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA) and sulfapyridine (SP), is still under investigation, but may be related to the anti-inflammatory and/or immunomodulatory properties that have been observed in animal and <i>in vitro</i> models, to its affinity for connective tissue, and/or to the relatively high concentration it reaches in serous fluids, the liver and intestinal walls, as demonstrated in autoradiographic studies in animals. In ulcerative colitis, clinical studies utilizing rectal administration of Sulfasalazine, SP and 5-ASA have indicated that the major therapeutic action may reside in the 5-ASA moiety. The relative contribution of the parent drug and the major metabolites in rheumatoid arthritis is unknown.
DCC1400	Tazarotene	CAS:118292-40-3	C21H21NO2S	small molecule	approved	351.462	Used to treat psoriasis, acne and sun damaged skin (photodamage).	Tazarotene is a prodrug and a member of the acetylenic class of retinoids. Following topical application, tazarotene undergoes esterase hydrolysis to form its active metabolite, tazarotenic acid. When treating acne tazarotene may be taken in conjunction with an oral antibiotic. Tazarotene has been shown in peer-reviewed double blinded studies to reduce: mottling and hyperpigmentation, sallowness, fine wrinkling and coarse wrinkling in sun damaged skin. Histological studies have shown that long term (greater than 1 year) use of Tazarotene is associated with a significant reduction in atypical melanocytes and keratocytes - cells considered to be precursors of skin cancer. Some studies have shown long term use of Tazarotene to be associated with increased collagen production and better organization of skin collagen bundles.	Although the exact mechanism of tazarotene action is not known, studies have shown that the active form of the drug (tazarotenic acid) binds to all three members of the retinoic acid receptor (RAR) family: RARa, RARb, and RARg, but shows relative selectivity for RARb, and RARg and may modify gene expression. It also has affinity for RXR receptors.
DCC1407	Tadalafil	CAS:171596-29-5	C22H19N3O4	small molecule	approved	389.404	Used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction.	Tadalafil is used to treat male erectile dysfunction (impotence) and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). Part of the physiological process of erection involves the release of nitric oxide (NO) in the corpus cavernosum. This then activates the enzyme guanylate cyclase which results in increased levels of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP), leading to smooth muscle relaxation in the corpus cavernosum, resulting in increased inflow of blood and an erection. Tadalafil is a potent and selective inhibitor of cGMP specific phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) which is responsible for degradation of cGMP in the corpus cavernosum. This means that, with tadalafil on board, normal sexual stimulation leads to increased levels of cGMP in the corpus cavernosum which leads to better erections. Without sexual stimulation and no activation of the NO/cGMP system, tadalafil should not cause an erection.	Tadalafil inhibits the cGMP specific phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) which is responsible for degradation of cGMP in the corpus cavernosum located around the penis. Penile erection during sexual stimulation is caused by increased penile blood flow resulting from the relaxation of penile arteries and corpus cavernosal smooth muscle. This response is mediated by the release of nitric oxide (NO) from nerve terminals and endothelial cells, which stimulates the synthesis of cGMP in smooth muscle cells. Cyclic GMP causes smooth muscle relaxation and increased blood flow into the corpus cavernosum. The inhibition of phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) by tadalafil enhances erectile function by increasing the amount of cGMP.
DCC1411	Mifepristone	CAS:84371-65-3	C29H35NO2	small molecule	approved	429.5937	"For the medical termination of intrauterine pregnancy through 49 days' pregnancy. Also indicated to control hyperglycemia secondary to hypercortisolism in adult patients with endogenous Cushing's syndrome who have type 2 diabetes mellitus or glucose intolerance and are not candidates for surgery or have had unsuccessful surgery."	"Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid with antiprogestational effects indicated for the medical termination of intrauterine pregnancy through 49 days' pregnancy. Doses of 1 mg/kg or greater of mifepristone have been shown to antagonize the endometrial and myometrial effects of progesterone in women. During pregnancy, the compound sensitizes the myometrium to the contraction-inducing activity of prostaglandins. Mifepristone also exhibits antiglucocorticoid and weak antiandrogenic activity. The activity of the glucocorticoid dexamethasone in rats was inhibited following doses of 10 to 25 mg/kg of mifepristone. Doses of 4.5 mg/kg or greater in human beings resulted in a compensatory elevation of adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and cortisol."	"The anti-progestational activity of mifepristone results from competitive interaction with progesterone at progesterone-receptor sites. Based on studies with various oral doses in several animal species (mouse, rat, rabbit and monkey), the compound inhibits the activity of endogenous or exogenous progesterone. The termination of pregnancy results.In the treatment of Cushing's syndrome, Mifepristone blocks the binding of cortisol to its receptor. It does not decrease cortisol production but reduces the effects of excess cortisol, such as high blood sugar levels."
DCC1182	Vitamin D	CAS:50-14-6	C28H44O	small molecule	approved	396.6484	For use in the management of hypocalcemia and its clinical manifestations in patients with hypoparathyroidism, as well as for the treatment of familial hypophosphatemia (vitamin D resistant rickets). This drug has also been used in the treatment of nutritional rickets or osteomalacia, vitamin D dependent rickets, rickets or osteomalacia secondary to long-term high dose anticonvulsant therapy, early renal osteodystrophy, osteoporosis (in conjunction with calcium), and hypophosphatemia associated with Fanconi syndrome (with treatment of acidosis).	Ergoalcifediol (Vitamin D2) is a fat soluble steroid hormone precursor of vitamin D. The principal biologic function of vitamin D is the maintenance of normal levels of serum calcium and phosphorus in the bloodstream by enhancing the efficacy of the small intestine to absorb these minerals from the diet. Cholecalciferol is synthesized within our bodies naturally, but if UV exposure is inadequate or the metabolism of cholecalciferol is abnormal, then an exogenous source is required. Vitamin D2 is converted to 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25OHD) in the liver, and then to the active form, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D (1,25(OH)2D), in the kidney. Once transformed, it binds to the vitamin D receptor, which leads to a variety of regulatory roles. Vitamin D plays an important role in maintaining calcium balance and in the regulation of parathyroid hormone (PTH). It promotes renal reabsorption of calcium, increases intestinal absorption of calcium and phosphorus, and increases calcium and phosphorus mobilization from bone to plasma. Very few foods naturally contain vitamin D. Sources that contain the vitamin include fatty fish, the liver and fat of aquatic mammals (e.g., seals, polar bears), and eggs from chickens fed vitamin D-fortified feed. As such, many countries have instituted policies to fortify certain foods with vitamin D to compensate for the potentially low exposures of skin to sunlight. Vitamin D deficiency results in inadequate mineralization of bone or compensatory skeletal demineralization and causes decreased ionized calcium concentrations in blood and a resultant increase in the production and secretion of PTH. Increase in PTH stimulates the mobilization of skeletal calcium, inhibits renal excretion of calcium, and stimulates renal excretion of phosphorus. This results in normal fasting serum calcium concentrations and low or near-normal serum phosphorus. The enhanced mobilization of skeletal calcium induced by this secondary hyperparathyroidism leads porotic bone.	Activated ergocalciferol increases serum calcium and phosphate concentrations, primarily by increasing intestinal absorption of calcium and phosphate through binding to a specific receptor in the mucosal cytoplasm of the intestine. Subsequently, calcium is absorbed through formation of a calcium-binding protein. 25-hydroxyergocalciferol  is the intermediary metabolite of ergocalciferol. Although this metabolite exhibits  2_¿_5 times more activity than unactivated  ergocalciferol in curing rickets and inducing calcium absorption and mobilization (from bone) in animals, this increased activity is still insufficient to affect these functions at physiologic concentrations.  Activated ergocalciferol stimulate resorption of bone and are required for normal mineralization of bone. Physiological doses of ergocalciferol also promotes calcium reabsorption by the kidneys, but the significance of this effect is not known.
DCC1183	Folic acid	CAS:59-30-3	C19H19N7O6	small molecule	approved	441.3975	For treatment of folic acid deficiency, megaloblastic anemia and in anemias of nutritional supplements, pregnancy, infancy, or childhood.	Folic acid, a water-soluble B-complex vitamin, is found in foods such as liver, kidneys, yeast, and leafy, green vegetables. Folic acid is used to diagnose folate deficiency and to treat topical sprue and megaloblastic and macrocytic anemias, hematologic complications resulting from a deficiency in folic acid.	Folic acid, as it is biochemically inactive, is converted to tetrahydrofolic acid and methyltetrahydrofolate by dihydrofolate reductase. These folic acid congeners are transported across cells by receptor-mediated endocytosis where they are needed to maintain normal erythropoiesis, synthesize purine and thymidylate nucleic acids, interconvert amino acids, methylate tRNA, and generate and use formate. Using vitamin B12 as a cofactor, folic acid can normalize high homocysteine levels by remethylation of homocysteine to methionine via methionine synthetase.
DCC1188	Pyridoxine	CAS:65-23-6	C8H11NO3	small molecule	approved	169.1778	For the treatment of vitamin B6 deficiency and for the prophylaxis of isoniazid-induced peripheral neuropathy.	"Vitamin B6 (pyridoxine) is a water-soluble vitamin used in the prophylaxis and treatment of vitamin B6 deficiency and peripheral neuropathy in those receiving isoniazid (isonicotinic acid hydrazide, INH). Vitamin B6 has been found to lower systolic and diastolic blood pressure in a small group of subjects with essential hypertension. Hypertension is another risk factor for atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease. Another study showed pyridoxine hydrochloride to inhibit ADP- or epinephrine-induced platelet aggregation and to lower total cholesterol levels and increase HDL-cholesterol levels, again in a small group of subjects. Vitamin B6, in the form of pyridoxal 5'-phosphate, was found to protect vascular endothelial cells in culture from injury by activated platelets. Endothelial injury and dysfunction are critical initiating events in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. Human studies have demonstrated that vitamin B6 deficiency affects cellular and humoral responses of the immune system. Vitamin B6 deficiency results in altered lymphocyte differentiation and maturation, reduced delayed-type hypersensitivity (DTH) responses, impaired antibody production, decreased lymphocyte proliferation and decreased interleukin (IL)-2 production, among other immunologic activities."	"Vitamin B6 is the collective term for a group of three related compounds, pyridoxine (PN), pyridoxal (PL) and pyridoxamine (PM), and their phosphorylated derivatives, pyridoxine 5'-phosphate (PNP), pyridoxal 5'-phosphate (PLP) and pyridoxamine 5'-phosphate (PMP). Although all six of these compounds should technically be referred to as vitamin B6, the term vitamin B6 is commonly used interchangeably with just one of them, pyridoxine. Vitamin B6, principally in its biologically active coenzyme form pyridoxal 5'-phosphate, is involved in a wide range of biochemical reactions, including the metabolism of amino acids and glycogen, the synthesis of nucleic acids, hemogloblin, sphingomyelin and other sphingolipids, and the synthesis of the neurotransmitters serotonin, dopamine, norepinephrine and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)."
DCC1249	Pimecrolimus	CAS:137071-32-0	C43H68ClNO11	small molecule	approved	810.453	For treatment of mild to moderate atopic dermatitis.	Pimecrolimus is a chemical that is used to treat atopic dermatitis (eczema). Atopic dermatitis is a skin condition characterized by redness, itching, scaling and inflammation of the skin. The cause of atopic dermatitis is not known; however, scientists believe that it may be due to activation of the immune system by various environmental or emotional triggers. Scientists do not know exactly how pimecrolimus reduces the manifestations of atopic dermatitis, but pimecrolimus reduces the action of T-cells and mast cells which are part of the immune system and contribute to responses of the immune system. Pimecrolimus prevents the activation of T-cells by blocking the effects of chemicals (cytokines) released by the body that stimulate T-cells. Pimecrolimus also reduces the ability of mast cells to release chemicals that promote inflammation.	Pimecrolimus binds with high affinity to macrophilin-12 (FKBP-12) and inhibits the calcium-dependent phosphatase, calcineurin. As a consequence, it inhibits T cell activation by blocking the transcription of early cytokines. In particular, pimecrolimus inhibits at nanomolar concentrations Interleukin-2 and interferon gamma (Th1-type) and Interleukin-4 and Interleukin-10 (Th2-type) cytokine synthesis in human T cells. Also, pimecrolimus prevents the release of inflammatory cytokines and mediators from mast cells in vitro after stimulation by antigen/lgE.
DCC1252	Clobazam	CAS:22316-47-8	C16H13ClN2O2	small molecule	approved	300.74	For treatment and management of epilepsy and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, a difficult-to-treat form of childhood epilepsy.	Similar to other benzodiazepines, clobazam binds to the interface of the alfa and gamma2-subunit of the GABA-A receptor. However, it is considered a partial agonist to GABA-A receptors which sets clobazam apart from 1,4-benzodiazepines which are full agonist. The significance of this difference is that one may experience less sedation with clobazam than with other benzodiazepines. Unlike the endogenous GABA ligand, clobazam binds allosterically to the GABA receptor to increase the frequency of the chloride channel opening and membrane permeability to chloride ions.   Pharmacodynamic tolerance has been demonstrated in animal models.	Clobazam binds at distinct binding sites associated with the chloride ionopore at the post-synaptic GABA receptor. These GABA receptors are in various locations in the CNS (limbic, reticular formation) and clobazam increases the duration of time for which the chloride ionopore is open. As a result, hyper polarization and stabilization of the membrane occur as the post-synaptic inhibitory effect of GABA is enhanced.
DCC1256	Sulfadiazine	CAS:68-35-9	C10H10N4O2S	small molecule	approved	250.277	For the treatment of rheumatic fever and meningococcal meningitis	Sulfadiazine is a sulfonamide antibiotic. The sulfonamides are synthetic bacteriostatic antibiotics with a wide spectrum against most gram-positive and many gram-negative organisms. However, many strains of an individual species may be resistant. Sulfonamides inhibit multiplication of bacteria by acting as competitive inhibitors of <i>p</i>-aminobenzoic acid in the folic acid metabolism cycle. Bacterial sensitivity is the same for the various sulfonamides, and resistance to one sulfonamide indicates resistance to all. Most sulfonamides are readily absorbed orally. However, parenteral administration is difficult, since the soluble sulfonamide salts are highly alkaline and irritating to the tissues. The sulfonamides are widely distributed throughout all tissues. High levels are achieved in pleural, peritoneal, synovial, and ocular fluids. Although these drugs are no longer used to treat meningitis, CSF levels are high in meningeal infections. Their antibacterial action is inhibited by pus.	Sulfadiazine is a competitive inhibitor of the bacterial enzyme dihydropteroate synthetase. This enzyme is needed for the proper processing of para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) which is essential for folic acid synthesis. The inhibited reaction is necessary in these organisms for the synthesis of folic acid.
DCC1258	Doxylamine succinate	CAS:469-21-6	C17H22N2O	small molecule	approved	270.3694	Used alone as a short-term sleep aid, in combination with other drugs as a night-time cold and allergy relief drug. Also used in combination with Vitamin B6 (pyridoxine) to prevent morning sickness in pregnant women.	Doxylamine is an antihistamine commonly used as a sleep aid. This drug is also used to relieve symptoms of hay fever (allergic rhinitis), hives (rash or itching), and other allergic reactions. Doxylamine is a member of the ethanolamine class of antihistamines and has anti-allergy power far superior to virtually every other antihistamine on the market, with the exception of diphenhydramine (Benadryl). It is also the most powerful over-the-counter sedative available in the United States, and more sedating than many prescription hypnotics. In a study, it was found to be superior to even the barbiturate, phenobarbital for use as a sedative. Doxylamine is also a potent anticholinergic.	Like other antihistamines, doxylamine acts by competitively inhibiting histamine at H1&nbsp;receptors. It also has substantial sedative and anticholinergic effects.
DCC1259	Norepinephrine	CAS:51-41-2	C8H11NO3	small molecule	approved	169.1778	Mainly used to treat patients in vasodilatory shock states such as septic shock and neurogenic shock and has shown a survival benefit over dopamine. Also used as a vasopressor medication for patients with critical hypotension.	Noradrenaline acts on both alpha-1 and alpha-2 adrenergic receptors to cause vasoconstriction. Its effect in-vitro is often limited to the increasing of blood pressure through antagonising alpha-1 and alpha-2 receptors and causing a resultant increase in systemic vascular resistance.	"Norepinephrine functions as a peripheral vasoconstrictor by acting on alpha-adrenergic receptors. It is also an inotropic stimulator of the heart and dilator of coronary arteries as a result of it's activity at the beta-adrenergic receptors."
DCC1347	Sulfalene	CAS:152-47-6	C11H12N4O3S	small molecule	approved	280.303	For the treatment of urinary tract infection and chronic bronchitis.	Sulfametopyrazine is a sulfonamide antibiotic. The sulfonamides are synthetic bacteriostatic antibiotics with a wide spectrum against most gram-positive and many gram-negative organisms. However, many strains of an individual species may be resistant. Sulfonamides inhibit multiplication of bacteria by acting as competitive inhibitors of <i>p</i>-aminobenzoic acid in the folic acid metabolism cycle. Bacterial sensitivity is the same for the various sulfonamides, and resistance to one sulfonamide indicates resistance to all. Most sulfonamides are readily absorbed orally. However, parenteral administration is difficult, since the soluble sulfonamide salts are highly alkaline and irritating to the tissues. The sulfonamides are widely distributed throughout all tissues. High levels are achieved in pleural, peritoneal, synovial, and ocular fluids. Although these drugs are no longer used to treat meningitis, CSF levels are high in meningeal infections. Their antibacterial action is inhibited by pus.	Sulfametopyrazine is a competitive inhibitor of the bacterial  enzyme dihydropteroate synthetase. Para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA), a substrate of the enzyme is prevented  from binding. The inhibited reaction is necessary in these organisms for the synthesis of folic acid.
DCC1351	Aprepitant	CAS:170729-80-3	C23H21F7N4O3	small molecule	approved	534.4267	For the prevention of nausea and vomiting associated with highly emetogenic cancer chemotherapy, including high-dose cisplatin (in combination with other antiemetic agents).	Aprepitant, an antiemetic, is a substance P/neurokinin 1 (NK1) receptor antagonist which, in combination with other antiemetic agents, is indicated for the prevention of acute and delayed nausea and vomiting associated with initial and repeat courses of highly emetogenic cancer chemotherapy. Aprepitant is a selective high-affinity antagonist of human substance P/neurokinin 1 (NK1) receptors. Aprepitant has little or no affinity for serotonin (5-HT<sub>3</sub>), dopamine, and corticosteroid receptors, the targets of existing therapies for chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CI NV).	Aprepitant has been shown in animal models to inhibit emesis induced by cytotoxic chemotherapeutic agents, such as cisplatin, via central actions. Animal and human Positron Emission Tomography (PET) studies with Aprepitant have shown that it crosses the blood brain barrier and occupies brain NK1 receptors. Animal and human studies show that Aprepitant augments the antiemetic activity of the 5-HT<sub>3</sub>-receptor antagonist ondansetron and the corticosteroidethasone and inhibits both the acute and delayed phases of cisplatin induced emesis.
DCC1353	Midazolam	CAS:59467-70-8	C18H13ClFN3	small molecule	approved	325.767	The midazolam injection is indicated for preoperative sedation/anziolysis/amnesia. It is also an agent for sedation/anziolysis/amnesia prior to or during diagnostic, therapeutic, or endoscopic procedures. Midazolam can also be given intravenously for induction of general anaesthesia.	Midazolam is a short-acting benzodiazepine central nervous system (CNS) depressant. Pharmacodynamic properties of midazolam and its metabolites, which are similar to those of other benzodiazepines, include sedative, anxiolytic, amnesic and hypnotic activities. Benzodiazepine pharmacologic effects appear to result from reversible interactions with the (gamma)-amino butyric acid (GABA) benzodiazepine receptor in the CNS, the major inhibitory neurotransmitter in the central nervous system. The action of midazolam is readily reversed by the benzodiazepine receptor antagonist, flumazenil.	It is thought that the actions of benzodiazepines such as midazolam are mediated through the inhibitory neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), which is one of the major inhibitory neurotransmitters in the brain. Benzodiazepines increase the activity of GABA, thereby producing a calming effect, relaxing skeletal muscles, and inducing sleep. Benzodiazepines bind to the benzodiazepine site on GABA-A receptors, which potentiates the effects of GABA by increasing the frequency of chloride channel opening.
DCC1354	Fludrocortisone	CAS:127-31-1	C21H29FO5	small molecule	approved	380.4504	"For partial replacement therapy for primary and secondary adrenocortical insufficiency in Addison's disease and for the treatment of salt-losing adrenogenital syndrome."	Fludrocortisone is a synthetic adrenocortical steroid possessing very potent mineralocorticoid properties and high glucocorticoid activity. It is indicated as partial replacement therapy for primary and secondary adrenocortical insufficiency in Addison&rsquo;s disease and for the treatment of salt-losing adrenogenital syndrome. The physiologic action of fludrocortisone acetate is similar to that of hydrocortisone. However, the effects of fludrocortisone acetate, particularly on electrolyte balance, but also on carbohydrate metabolism, are considerably heightened and prolonged. Mineralocorticoids act on the distal tubules of the kidney to enhance the reabsorption of sodium ions from the tubular fluid into the plasma; they increase the urinary excretion of both potassium and hydrogen ions.	Fludrocortisone binds the mineralocorticoid receptor (aldosterone receptor). This binding (or activation of the mineralocorticoid receptor by fludrocortisone) in turn causes an increase in ion and water transport and thus raises extracellular fluid volume and blood pressure and lowers potassium levels.
DCC0152	Niacin	CAS:59-67-6	C6H5NO2	small molecule	approved	123.1094	For the treatment of type IV and V hyperlipidemia. It is indicated as ajunctive therapy.	Niacin and niacinamide are indicated for prevention and treatment of vitamin B3 deficiency states. Vitamin B3 (Niacin) also acts to reduce LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, and HDL cholesterol. The magnitude of individual lipid and lipoprotein responses may be influenced by the severity and type of underlying lipid abnormality. The increase in total HDL is associated with a shift in the distribution of HDL subfractions (as defined by ultra-centrifugation) with an increase in the HDL2:HDL3 ratio and an increase in apolipoprotein A-I content. Vitamin B3 (Niacin) treatment also decreases the serum levels of apolipoprotein B-100 (apo B), the major protein component of the VLDL (very low-density lipoprotein) and LDL fractions, and of lipoprotein-a, a variant form of LDL independently associated with coronary risk.	Niacin binds to Nicotinate D-ribonucleotide phyrophsopate phosphoribosyltransferase, Nicotinic acid phosphoribosyltransferase, Nicotinate N-methyltransferase and the Niacin receptor. Niacin is the precursor to nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADP), which are vital cofactors for dozens of enzymes. The mechanism by which niacin exerts its lipid lowering effects is not entirely understood, but may involve several actions, including a decrease in esterification of hepatic triglycerides. Niacin treatment also decreases the serum levels of apolipoprotein B-100 (apo B), the major protein component of the VLDL (very low-density lipoprotein) and LDL fractions.
DCC0153	Clofarabine	CAS:123318-82-1	C10H11ClFN5O3	small molecule	approved	303.677	For the treatment of pediatric patients 1 to 21 years old with relapsed or refractory acute lymphocytic (lymphoblastic) leukemia after at least two prior regimens. It is designated as an orphan drug by the FDA for this use.	Clofarabine is a purine nucleoside antimetabolite that differs from other puring nucleoside analogs by the presence of a chlorine in the purine ring and a flourine in the ribose moiety. Clofarabine seems to interfere with the growth of cancer cells, which are eventually destroyed. Since the growth of normal body cells may also be affected by clofarabine, other effects also occur. Clofarabine prevents cells from making DNA and RNA by interfering with the synthesis of nucleic acids, thus stopping the growth of cancer cells.	"Clofarabine is metabolized intracellularly to the active 5'-monophosphate metabolite by deoxycytidine kinase and 5'-triphosphate metabolite by mono- and di-phospho-kinases. This metabolite inhibits DNA synthesis through an inhibitory action on ribonucleotide reductase, and by terminating DNA chain elongation and inhibiting repair through competitive inhibition of DNA polymerases. This leads to the depletion of the intracellular deoxynucleotide triphosphate pool and the self-potentiation of clofarabine triphosphate incorporation into DNA, thereby intensifying the effectiveness of DNA synthesis inhibition. The affinity of clofarabine triphosphate for these enzymes is similar to or greater than that of deoxyadenosine triphosphate. In preclinical models, clofarabine has demonstrated the ability to inhibit DNA repair by incorporation into the DNA chain during the repair process. Clofarabine 5'-triphosphate also disrupts the integrity of mitochondrial membrane, leading to the release of the pro-apoptotic mitochondrial proteins, cytochrome C and apoptosis-inducing factor, leading to programmed cell death."
DCC0154	Dexmedetomidine	CAS:113775-47-6	C13H16N2	small molecule	approved	200.2795	For sedation of initially intubated and mechanically ventilated patients during treatment in an intensive care setting, also used in pain relief; anxiety reduction and analgesia	Dexmedetomidine activates 2-adrenoceptors, and causes the decrease of sympathetic tone, with attenuation of the neuroendocrine and hemodynamic responses to anesthesia and surgery; it reduces anesthetic and opioid requirements; and causes sedation and analgesia.	Dexmedetomidine is a specific and selective alpha-2 adrenoceptor agonist. By binding to the presynaptic alpha-2 adrenoceptors, it inhibits the release if norepinephrine, therefore, terminate the propagation of pain signals. Activation of the postsynaptic alpha-2 adrenoceptors inhibits the sympathetic activity decreases blood pressure and heart rate.
DCC0155	Sulfacetamide	CAS:144-80-9	C8H10N2O3S	small molecule	approved	214.242	For the treatment of bacterial vaginitis, keratitis, acute conjunctivitis, and blepharitis.	Sulfacetamide is a sulfonamide antibiotic. The sulfonamides are synthetic bacteriostatic antibiotics with a wide spectrum against most gram-positive and many gram-negative organisms. However, many strains of an individual species may be resistant. Sulfonamides inhibit multiplication of bacteria by acting as competitive inhibitors of <i>p</i>-aminobenzoic acid in the folic acid metabolism cycle. Bacterial sensitivity is the same for the various sulfonamides, and resistance to one sulfonamide indicates resistance to all. Most sulfonamides are readily absorbed orally. However, parenteral administration is difficult, since the soluble sulfonamide salts are highly alkaline and irritating to the tissues. The sulfonamides are widely distributed throughout all tissues. High levels are achieved in pleural, peritoneal, synovial, and ocular fluids. Although these drugs are no longer used to treat meningitis, CSF levels are high in meningeal infections. Their antibacterial action is inhibited by pus.	Sulfacetamide is a competitive inhibitor of bacterial para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA), an essential component for bacterial growth (according to the Woods-Fildes theory). The inhibited reaction is necessary in these organisms for the synthesis of folic acid.
DCC0184	Hydrocortisone	CAS:50-23-7	C21H30O5	small molecule	approved	362.4599	"For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. Also used to treat endocrine (hormonal) disorders (adrenal insufficiency, Addisons disease). It is also used to treat many immune and allergic disorders, such as arthritis, lupus, severe psoriasis, severe asthma, ulcerative colitis, and Crohn's disease."	Hydrocortisone is the most important human glucocorticoid. It is essential for life and regulates or supports a variety of important cardiovascular, metabolic, immunologic and homeostatic functions. Topical hydrocortisone is used for its anti-inflammatory or immunosuppressive properties to treat inflammation due to corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. Glucocorticoids are a class of steroid hormones characterised by an ability to bind with the cortisol receptor and trigger a variety of important cardiovascular, metabolic, immunologic and homeostatic effects. Glucocorticoids are distinguished from mineralocorticoids and sex steroids by having different receptors, target cells, and effects. Technically, the term corticosteroid refers to both glucocorticoids and mineralocorticoids, but is often used as a synonym for glucocorticoid. Glucocorticoids suppress cell-mediated immunity. They act by inhibiting genes that code for the cytokines IL-1, IL-2, IL-3, IL-4, IL-5, IL-6, IL-8 and TNF-alpha, the most important of which is the IL-2. Reduced cytokine production limits T cell proliferation. Glucocorticoids also suppress humoral immunity, causing B cells to express lower amounts of IL-2 and IL-2 receptors. This diminishes both B cell clonal expansion and antibody synthesis. The diminished amounts of IL-2 also leads to fewer T lymphocyte cells being activated.	Hydrocortisone binds to the cytosolic glucocorticoid receptor. After binding the receptor the newly formed receptor-ligand complex translocates itself into the cell nucleus, where it binds to many glucocorticoid response elements (GRE) in the promoter region of the target genes. The DNA bound receptor then interacts with basic transcription factors, causing the increase in expression of specific target genes. The anti-inflammatory actions of corticosteroids are thought to involve lipocortins, phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins which, through inhibition arachidonic acid, control the biosynthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes. Specifically glucocorticoids induce lipocortin-1 (annexin-1) synthesis, which then binds to cell membranes preventing the phospholipase A2 from coming into contact with its substrate arachidonic acid. This leads to diminished eicosanoid production. The cyclooxygenase (both COX-1 and COX-2) expression is also suppressed, potentiating the effect. In other words, the two main products in inflammation Prostaglandins and Leukotrienes are inhibited by the action of Glucocorticoids. Glucocorticoids also stimulate the lipocortin-1 escaping to the extracellular space, where it binds to the leukocyte membrane receptors and inhibits various inflammatory events: epithelial adhesion, emigration, chemotaxis, phagocytosis, respiratory burst and the release of various inflammatory mediators (lysosomal enzymes, cytokines, tissue plasminogen activator, chemokines etc.) from neutrophils, macrophages and mastocytes. Additionally the immune system is suppressed by corticosteroids due to a decrease in the function of the lymphatic system, a reduction in immunoglobulin and complement concentrations, the precipitation of lymphocytopenia, and interference with antigen-antibody binding.
DCC0185	Prilocaine	CAS:721-50-6	C13H20N2O	small molecule	approved	220.3107	Used as a local anaesthetic and is often used in dentistry.	Prilocaine binds to the intracellular surface of sodium channels which blocks the subsequent influx of sodium into the cell. Action potential propagation and never function is, therefore, prevented. This block is reversible and when the drug diffuses away from the cell, sodium channel function is restored and nerve propagation returns.	Prilocaine acts on sodium channels on the neuronal cell membrane, limiting the spread of seizure activity and reducing seizure propagation. The antiarrhythmic actions are mediated through effects on sodium channels in Purkinje fibers.
DCC0186	Tretinoin	CAS:302-79-4	C20H28O2	small molecule	approved	300.4351	"For the the induction of remission in patients with acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL), French-American-British (FAB) classification M3 (including the M3 variant); For the topical treatment of acne vulgaris, flat warts and other skin conditions (psoriasis, ichthyosis congenita, icthyosis vulgaris, lamellar icthyosis, keratosis palmaris et plantaris, epidermolytic hyperkeratosis, senile comedones, senile keratosis, keratosis follicularis (Darier's disease), and basal cell carcinomas.); For palliative therapy to improve fine wrinkling, mottled hyperpigmentation, roughness associated with photodamage."	Tretinoin, also known as all-<i>trans</i>-retinoic acid (ATRA), is a naturally occurring derivative of vitamin A (retinol). Retinoids such as tretinoin are important regulators of cell reproduction, proliferation, and differentiation and are used to treat acne and photodamaged skin and to manage keratinization disorders such as ichthyosis and keratosis follicularis. Tretinoin also represents the class of anticancer drugs called differentiating agents and is used in the treatment of acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL).	Tretinoin binds to alpha, beta, and gamma retinoic acid receptors (RARs). RAR-alpha and RAR-beta have been associated with the development of acute promyelocytic leukemia and squamous cell cancers, respectively. RAR-gamma is associated with retinoid effects on mucocutaneous tissues and bone. Although the exact mechanism of action of tretinoin is unknown, current evidence suggests that the effectiveness of tretinoin in acne is due primarily to its ability to modify abnormal follicular keratinization. Comedones form in follicles with an excess of keratinized epithelial cells. Tretinoin promotes detachment of cornified cells and the enhanced shedding of corneocytes from the follicle. By increasing the mitotic activity of follicular epithelia, tretinoin also increases the turnover rate of thin, loosely-adherent corneocytes. Through these actions, the comedo contents are extruded and the formation of the microcomedo, the precursor lesion of acne vulgaris, is reduced. Tretinoin is not a cytolytic agent but instead induces cytodifferentiation and decreased proliferation of APL cells in culture and in vivo. When Tretinoin is given systemically to APL patients, tretinoin treatment produces an initial maturation of the primitive promyelocytes derived from the leukemic clone, followed by a repopulation of the bone marrow and peripheral blood by normal, polyclonal hematopoietic cells in patients achieving complete remission (CR). The exact mechanism of action of tretinoin in APL is unknown.
DCC0213	Perphenazine	CAS:58-39-9	C21H26ClN3OS	small molecule	approved	403.969	For use in the management of the manifestations of psychotic disorders and for the control of severe nausea and vomiting in adults.	Perphenazine is a piperazinyl phenothiazine, acts on the central nervous system, and has a greater behavioral potency than other phenothiazine derivatives whose side chains do not contain a piperazine moiety. It is a member of a class of drugs called phenothiazines, which are dopamine D1/D2 receptor antagonists. Perphenazine is 10 to 15 times as potent as chlorpromazine; that means perphenazine is a highly potent antipsychotic. In equivalent doses it has approximately the same frequency and severity of early and late extrapypramidal side-effects compared to Haloperidol.	"Binds to the dopamine D1 and dopamine D2 receptors and inhibits their activity. The mechanism of the anti-emetic effect is due predominantly to blockage of the dopamine D2 neurotransmitter receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone and vomiting centre. Perphenazine also binds the alpha andrenergic receptor. This receptor's action is mediated by association with G proteins that activate a phosphatidylinositol-calcium second messenger system."
DCC0214	Pseudoephedrine	CAS:90-82-4	C10H15NO	small molecule	approved	165.2322	For the treatment of nasal congestion, sinus congestion, Eustachian tube congestion, and vasomotor rhinitis, and as an adjunct to other agents in the optimum treatment of allergic rhinitis, croup, sinusitis, otitis media, and tracheobronchitis. Also used as first-line therapy of priapism.	Pseudoephedrine is a sympathomimetic agent, structurally similar to ephedrine, used to relieve nasal and sinus congestion and reduce air-travel-related otalgia in adults. The salts pseudoephedrine hydrochloride and pseudoephedrine sulfate are found in many over-the-counter preparations either as single-ingredient preparations, or more commonly in combination with antihistamines and/or paracetamol/ibuprofen. Unlike antihistamines, which modify the systemic histamine-mediated allergic response, pseudoephedrine only serves to relieve nasal congestion commonly associated with colds or allergies. The advantage of oral pseudoephedrine over topical nasal preparations, such as oxymetazoline, is that it does not cause rebound congestion (rhinitis medicamentosa).	Pseudoephedrine acts directly on both alpha- and, to a lesser degree, beta-adrenergic receptors. Through direct action on alpha-adrenergic receptors in the mucosa of the respiratory tract, pseudoephedrine produces vasoconstriction. Pseudoephedrine relaxes bronchial smooth muscle by stimulating beta2-adrenergic receptors. Like ephedrine, pseudoephedrine releasing norepinephrine from its storage sites, an indirect effect. This is its main and direct mechanism of action. The displaced noradrenaline is released into the neuronal synapse where it is free to activate the postsynaptic adrenergic receptors.
DCC0215	Temozolomide	CAS:85622-93-1	C6H6N6O2	small molecule	approved	194.1508	For the treatment of adult patients diagnosed with anaplastic astrocytoma whose disease has progressed after therapy with nitrosourea and procarbazine, as well as concomitantly with radiation therapy for treatment of newly diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme. Also used as maintenance therapy for glioblastoma multiforme.	Temozolomide is an imidazotetrazine deritave and an antineoplastic agent. It is a prodrug that has little to no pharmacological activity until it is hydrolyzed in vivo to 5-(3-methyltriazen-1-yl)imidazole-4-carboxamide (MTIC). After administration, temozolomide undergoes rapid, nonenzymatic hydrolysis at physiological pH to MTIC, which is the active form of the drug. MTIC is generated through the effect of water at the highly electropositive C4 position of temozolomide, causing the ring of temozolomide to open, release carbon dioxide, and generate MTIC.	Temozolomide is not active until it is converted at physiologic pH to MTIC. It is suggested that MTIC then alkylates DNA at the N7 position of guanine, O3 position of adenosine, and O6 position of guanosine, with the most common site being the N7 position. This methylation of guanine residues lead to single and double-strand DNA breaks and subsequent apoptotic cell death. It is suggested that the N7-methylguanine plays a critical role in the antitumor activity of the drug, as there is a correlation between the sensitivity of tumor cell lines to temozolomide and the activity of O6-alkylguanine alkyltransferase, which is the DNA repair protein that specifically removes alkyl groups at the O6 position of guanine. Cells lines that have lower levels of AGT are more sensitive to the cytotoxicity of temozolomide. It is also suggested that cytotoxic mechanism of temozolomide is related to the failure of the DNA MMR system to find a complementary base for methylated guanine. The DNA MMR system is involved in the formation of a number of proteins that remove methylated guanine. Evidence shows that when this repair process is targeted to the DNA strand opposite the O6-methylguanine, its inability to find the correct target leads to long-lived nicks in the DNA. The accumulation of these nicks lead to the inhibition of replication in the daughter cells, thereby blocking the cell cycle at the G<sub>2</sub>-M boundary.
DCC0240	Aspirin	CAS:50-78-2	C9H8O4	small molecule	approved	180.1574	For use in the temporary relief of various forms of pain, inflammation associated with various conditions (including rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, osteoarthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis), and is also used to reduce the risk of death and/or nonfatal myocardial infarction in patients with a previous infarction or unstable angina pectoris.	"Acetylsalicylic acid is an analgesic, antipyretic, antirheumatic, and anti-inflammatory agent. Acetylsalicylic acid's mode of action as an antiinflammatory and antirheumatic agent may be due to inhibition of synthesis and release of prostaglandins. Acetylsalicylic acid appears to produce analgesia by virtue of both a peripheral and CNS effect. Peripherally, acetylsalicylic acid acts by inhibiting the synthesis and release of prostaglandins. Acting centrally, it would appear to produce analgesia at a hypothalamic site in the brain, although the mode of action is not known. Acetylsalicylic acid also acts on the hypothalamus to produce antipyresis; heat dissipation is increased as a result of vasodilation and increased peripheral blood flow. Acetylsalicylic acid's antipyretic activity may also be related to inhibition of synthesis and release of prostaglandins."	"The analgesic, antipyretic, and anti-inflammatory effects of acetylsalicylic acid are due to actions by both the acetyl and the salicylate portions of the intact molecule as well as by the active salicylate metabolite. Acetylsalicylic acid directly and irreversibly inhibits the activity of both types of cyclooxygenase (COX-1 and COX-2) to decrease the formation of precursors of prostaglandins and thromboxanes from arachidonic acid. This makes acetylsalicylic acid different from other NSAIDS (such as diclofenac and ibuprofen) which are reversible inhibitors. Salicylate may competitively inhibit prostaglandin formation. Acetylsalicylic acid's antirheumatic (nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory) actions are a result of its analgesic and anti-inflammatory mechanisms; the therapeutic effects are not due to pituitary-adrenal stimulation. The platelet aggregation-inhibiting effect of acetylsalicylic acid specifically involves the compound's ability to act as an acetyl donor to cyclooxygenase; the nonacetylated salicylates have no clinically significant effect on platelet aggregation. Irreversible acetylation renders cyclooxygenase inactive, thereby preventing the formation of the aggregating agent thromboxane A2 in platelets. Since platelets lack the ability to synthesize new proteins, the effects persist for the life of the exposed platelets (7-10 days). Acetylsalicylic acid may also inhibit production of the platelet aggregation inhibitor, prostacyclin (prostaglandin I2), by blood vessel endothelial cells; however, inhibition prostacyclin production is not permanent as endothelial cells can produce more cyclooxygenase to replace the non-functional enzyme."
DCC0241	Fexofenadine	CAS:83799-24-0	C32H39NO4	small molecule	approved	501.6564	It indicated for the relief of symptoms associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis in adults and children 2 years of age and older, and also is indicated for treatment of uncomplicated skin manifestations of chronic idiopathic urticaria in adults and children 6 months of age and older.	Fexofenadine is a second-generation, long lasting H1-receptor antagonist (antihistamine) which has a selective and peripheral H1-antagonist action. Histamine is a chemical that causes many of the signs that are part of allergic reactions, such as the swelling of tissues. Histamine is released from histamine-storing cells (mast cells) and attaches to other cells that have receptors for histamine. The attachment of the histamine to the receptors causes the cell to be activated, releasing other chemicals which produce the effects that we associate with allergy. Fexofenadine blocks one type of receptor for histamine (the H1 receptor) and thus prevents activation of cells by histamine. Unlike most other antihistamines, Fexofenadine does not enter the brain from the blood and, therefore, does not cause drowsiness. Fexofenadine lacks the cardiotoxic potential of terfenadine, since it does not block the potassium channel involved in repolarization of cardiac cells.	Like other H1-blockers, Fexofenadine competes with free histamine for binding at H1-receptors in the GI tract, large blood vessels, and bronchial smooth muscle. This blocks the action of endogenous histamine, which subsequently leads to temporary relief of the negative symptoms (eg. nasal congestion, watery eyes) brought on by histamine. Fexofenadine exhibits no anticholinergic, antidopaminergic, alpha1-adrenergic or beta-adrenergic-receptor blocking effects.
DCC0242	Isoniazid	CAS:54-85-3	C6H7N3O	small molecule	approved	137.1393	For the treatment of all forms of tuberculosis in which organisms are susceptible.	Isoniazid is a bactericidal agent active against organisms of the genus Mycobacterium, specifically <i>M. tuberculosis</i>, <i>M. bovis</i> and <i>M. kansasii</i>. It is a highly specific agent, ineffective against other microorganisms. Isoniazid is bactericidal to rapidly-dividing mycobacteria, but is bacteriostatic if the mycobacterium is slow-growing.	Isoniazid is a prodrug and must be activated by bacterial catalase. Specficially, activation is associated with reduction of the mycobacterial ferric KatG catalase-peroxidase by hydrazine and reaction with oxygen to form an oxyferrous enzyme complex. Once activated, isoniazid inhibits the synthesis of mycoloic acids, an essential component of the bacterial cell wall. At therapeutic levels isoniazid is bacteriocidal against actively growing intracellular and extracellular <i>Mycobacterium tuberculosis</i> organisms. Specifically isoniazid inhibits InhA, the enoyl reductase from <i>Mycobacterium tuberculosis</i>, by forming a covalent adduct with the NAD cofactor. It is the INH-NAD adduct that acts as a slow, tight-binding competitive inhibitor of InhA.
DCC0362	Fusidic Acid	CAS:6990-06-3	C31H48O6	small molecule	approved	516.7092	" It is used to treat various skin infections caused by certain kinds of bacteria. Such infections may include impetigo and secondary infections (infections that develop after the skin has been injured) to burns or broken skin."	Fusidic acid is a bacteriostatic antibiotic that is often used topically in creams and eyedrops, but may also be given systemically as tablets or injections.	Fusidic acid works by interfering with bacterial protein synthesis, specifically by preventing the translocation of the elongation factor G (EF-G) from the ribosome. It also can inhibit chloramphenicol acetyltransferase enzymes.
DCC0156	Prednisone	CAS:53-03-2	C21H26O5	small molecule	approved	358.4281	"For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis."	Prednisone, the most commonly-prescribed corticosteroid, is used to treat allograft rejection, asthma, systemic lupus erythematosus, and many other inflammatory states. Prednisone has some mineralocorticoid activity and thus may affect ion exchange in the kidney.	Prednisone is a glucocorticoid receptor agonist. It is first metabolized in the liver to its active form, prednisolone. Prednisolone crosses cell membranes and binds with high affinity to specific cytoplasmic receptors. The result includes inhibition of leukocyte infiltration at the site of inflammation, interference in the function of mediators of inflammatory response, suppression of humoral immune responses, and reduction in edema or scar tissue. The antiinflammatory actions of corticosteroids are thought to involve phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins, lipocortins, which control the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes. Prednisone can stimulate secretion of various components of gastric juice. Suppression of the production of corticotropin may lead to suppression of endogenous corticosteroids. Prednisone has slight mineralocorticoid activity, whereby entry of sodium into cells and loss of intracellular potassium is stimulated. This is particularly evident in the kidney, where rapid ion exchange leads to sodium retention and hypertension.
DCC0244	Norgestimate	CAS:35189-28-7	C23H31NO3	small molecule	approved	369.4971	Norgestimate is used with estradiol to treat the symptoms of menopause.	"Norgestimate is used as a female contraceptive. Norgestimate is a progestin or a synthetic form of the naturally occurring female sex hormone, progesterone. In a woman's normal menstrual cycle, an egg matures and is released from the ovaries (ovulation). The ovary then produces progesterone, preventing the release of further eggs and priming the lining of the womb for a possible pregnancy. If pregnancy occurs, progesterone levels in the body remain high, maintaining the womb lining. If pregnancy does not occur, progesterone levels in the body fall, resulting in a menstrual period. Norgestimate tricks the body processes into thinking that ovulation has already occurred, by maintaining high levels of the synthetic progesterone. This prevents the release of eggs from the ovaries."	Norgestimate binds to androgen and progestogen receptors. Target cells include the female reproductive tract, the mammary gland, the hypothalamus, and the pituitary. Once bound to the receptor, progestins like Norgestimate will slow the frequency of release of gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) from the hypothalamus and blunt the pre-ovulatory LH (luteinizing hormone) surge.
DCC0245	Carboplatin	CAS:41575-94-4	C6H12N2O4Pt	small molecule	approved	371.254	For the initial treatment of advanced ovarian carcinoma in established combination with other approved chemotherapeutic agents. One established combination regimen consists of PARAPLATIN and cyclophosphamide. It is also indicated for the palliative treatment of patients with ovarian carcinoma recurrent after prior chemotherapy, including patients who have been previously treated with cisplatin.	Carboplatin is an antineoplastic in the class of alkylating agents and is used to treat various forms of cancer. Alkylating agents are so named because of their ability to add alkyl groups to many electronegative groups under conditions present in cells. They stop tumor growth by cross-linking guanine bases in DNA double-helix strands - directly attacking DNA. This makes the strands unable to uncoil and separate. As this is necessary in DNA replication, the cells can no longer divide. In addition, these drugs add methyl or other alkyl groups onto molecules where they do not belong which in turn inhibits their correct utilization by base pairing and causes a miscoding of DNA. Alkylating agents are cell cycle-nonspecific. Alkylating agents work by three different mechanisms all of which achieve the same end result - disruption of DNA function and cell death.	Alkylating agents work by three different mechanisms: 1) attachment of alkyl groups to DNA bases, resulting in the DNA being fragmented by repair enzymes in their attempts to replace the alkylated bases, preventing DNA synthesis and RNA transcription from the affected DNA, 2) DNA damage via the formation of cross-links (bonds between atoms in the DNA) which prevents DNA from being separated for synthesis or transcription, and 3) the induction of mispairing of the nucleotides leading to mutations.
DCC0187	Tetracycline	CAS:60-54-8	C22H24N2O8	small molecule	approved	444.4346	Used to treat bacterial infections such as Rocky Mountain spotted fever, typhus fever, tick fevers, Q fever, rickettsialpox and Brill-Zinsser disease. May be used to treat infections caused by Chlamydiae spp., B. burgdorferi (Lyme disease), and upper respiratory infections caused by typical (S. pneumoniae, H. influenzae, and M. catarrhalis) and atypical organisms (C. pneumoniae, M. pneumoniae, L. pneumophila). May also be used to treat acne. Tetracycline may be an alternative drug for people who are allergic to penicillin.	Tetracycline is a short-acting antibiotic that  inhibits bacterial growth by inhibiting translation. It binds to the 30S ribosomal subunit and prevents the amino-acyl tRNA from binding to the A site of the ribosome. It also binds to some extent to the 50S ribosomal subunit. This binding is reversible in nature. Additionally tetracycline may alter the cytoplasmic membrane of bacteria causing leakage of intracellular contents, such as nucleotides, from the cell.	Tetracycline passively diffuses through porin channels in the bacterial membrane and reversibly binds to the 30S ribosomal subunit, preventing binding of tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex, and thus interfering with protein synthesis.
DCC0247	Telmisartan	CAS:144701-48-4	C33H30N4O2	small molecule	approved	514.6169	Used alone or in combination with other classes of antihypertensives for the treatment of hypertension. Also used in the treatment of diabetic nephropathy in hypertensive patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, as well as the treatment of congestive heart failure (only in patients who cannot tolerate ACE inhibitors).	Telmisartan is an orally active nonpeptide angiotensin II antagonist that acts on the AT<sub>1</sub> receptor subtype. It has the highest affinity for the AT<sub>1</sub> receptor among commercially available ARBS and has minimal affinity for the AT<sub>2</sub> receptor. New studies suggest that telmisartan may also have PPAR&gamma; agonistic properties that could potentially confer beneficial metabolic effects, as PPAR&gamma; is a nuclear receptor that regulates specific gene transcription, and whose target genes are involved in the regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism, as well as anti-inflammatory responses. This observation is currently being explored in clinical trials. Angiotensin II is formed from angiotensin I in a reaction catalyzed by angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE, kininase II). Angiotensin II is the principal pressor agent of the renin-angiotensin system, with effects that include vasoconstriction, stimulation of synthesis and release of aldosterone, cardiac stimulation, and renal reabsorption of sodium. Telmisartan works by blocking the vasoconstrictor and aldosterone secretory effects of angiotensin II.	Telmisartan interferes with the binding of angiotensin II to the angiotensin II AT<sub>1</sub>-receptor by binding reversibly and selectively to the receptors in vascular smooth muscle and the adrenal gland. As angiotensin II is a vasoconstrictor, which also stimulates the synthesis and release of aldosterone, blockage of its effects results in decreases in systemic vascular resistance. Telmisartan does not inhibit the angiotensin converting enzyme, other hormone receptors, or ion channels. Studies also suggest that telmisartan is a partial agonist of PPAR&gamma;, which is an established target for antidiabetic drugs. This suggests that telmisartan can improve carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, as well as control insulin resistance without causing the side effects that are associated with full PPAR&gamma; activators.
DCC0248	Desloratadine	CAS:100643-71-8	C19H19ClN2	small molecule	approved	310.821	For the relief of symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis, perennial (non-seasonal) allergic rhinitis. Desloratidine is also used for the sympomatic treatment of pruritus and urticaria (hives) associated with chronic idiopathic urticaria.	Desloratadine is a long-acting second-generation H<sub>1</sub>-receptor antagonist which has a selective and peripheral H1-antagonist action. Histamine is a chemical that causes many of the signs that are part of allergic reactions, such as the swelling of tissues. Histamine is released from histamine-storing cells (mast cells) and attaches to other cells that have receptors for histamine. The attachment of the histamine to the receptors causes the cell to be activated, releasing other chemicals which produce the effects that we associate with allergies. Desloratadine blocks one type of receptor for histamine (the H1 receptor) and thus prevents activation of cells by histamine. Unlike most other antihistamines, Desloratadine does not enter the brain from the blood and, therefore, does not cause drowsiness.	Like other H1-blockers, Desloratadine competes with free histamine for binding at H<sub>1</sub>-receptors in the GI tract, uterus, large blood vessels, and bronchial smooth muscle. This blocks the action of endogenous histamine, which subsequently leads to temporary relief of the negative symptoms (eg. nasal congestion, watery eyes) brought on by histamine.
DCC0249	Methyldopa	CAS:555-30-6	C10H13NO4	small molecule	approved	211.2145	It is used alone or with other medications to treat high blood pressure (hypertension).	Methyldopa is an aromatic-amino-acid decarboxylase inhibitor in animals and in man. Only methyldopa, the <i>L</i>-isomer of alpha-methyldopa, has the ability to inhibit dopa decarboxylase and to deplete animal tissues of norepinephrine. In man the antihypertensive activity appears to be due solely to the L-isomer. About twice the dose of the racemate (DL-alpha-methyldopa) is required for equal antihypertensive effect. Methyldopa has no direct effect on cardiac function and usually does not reduce glomerular filtration rate, renal blood flow, or filtration fraction. Cardiac output usually is maintained without cardiac acceleration. In some patients the heart rate is slowed. Normal or elevated plasma renin activity may decrease in the course of methyldopa therapy. Methyldopa reduces both supine and standing blood pressure. Methyldopa usually produces highly effective lowering of the supine pressure with infrequent symptomatic postural hypotension. Exercise hypotension and diurnal blood pressure variations rarely occur.	"Although the mechanism of action has yet to be conclusively demonstrated, the resultant hypotensive effect is most likely due to the drug's action on the CNS. Methyldopa is converted into the metabolite, alpha-methylnorepinephrine, in the CNS, where it stimulates the central inhibitory alpha-adrenergic receptors, leading to a reduction in sympathetic tone, total peripheral resistance, and blood pressure. Reduction in plasma renin activity, as well as the inhibition of both central and peripheral norepinephrine and serotonine production may also contribute to the drug's antihypertensive effect, although this is not a major mechanism of action. This is done through the inhibition of the decarboxylation of dihydroxyphenylalanine (dopa)_¿¿the precursor of norepinephrine_¿¿and of 5-hydroxytryptophan (5-HTP)_¿¿the precursor of serotonin_¿¿in the CNS and in most peripheral tissues."
DCC0216	Prednisolone	CAS:50-24-8	C21H28O5	small molecule	approved	360.444	For the treatment of primary or secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, such as congenital adrenal hyperplasia, thyroiditis. Also used to treat psoriatic arthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, bursitis, acute gouty arthritis and epicondylitis. Also indicated for treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus, pemphigus and acute rhematic carditis. Can be used in the treatment of leukemias, lymphomas, thrombocytopenia purpura and autoimmune hemolytic anemia. Can be used to treat celiac disease, insulin resistance, ulcerative colitis and liver disorders.	"Prednisolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid used as antiinflammatory or immunosuppressive agent. Prednisolone is indicated in the treatment of various conditions, including congenital adrenal hyperplasia, psoriatic arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, seasonal or perennial allergic rhinitis, allergic corneal marginal ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura in adults, leukemias and lymphomas in adults, and ulcerative colitis. Glucocorticoids are adrenocortical steroids and cause profound and varied metabolic effects. In addition, they modify the body's immune responses to diverse stimuli."	Glucocorticoids such as Prednisolone can inhibit leukocyte infiltration at the site of inflammation, interfere with mediators of inflammatory response, and suppress humoral immune responses. The antiinflammatory actions of glucocorticoids are thought to involve phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins, lipocortins, which control the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes. Prednisolone reduces inflammatory reaction by limiting the capillary dilatation and permeability of the vascular structures. These compounds restrict the accumulation of polymorphonuclear leukocytes and macrophages and reduce the release of vasoactive kinins. Recent research suggests that corticosteroids may inhibit the release of arachidonic acid from phospholipids, thereby reducing the formation of prostaglandins. Prednisolone is a glucocorticoid receptor agonist. On binding, the corticoreceptor-ligand complex translocates itself into the cell nucleus, where it binds to many glucocorticoid response elements (GRE) in the promoter region of the target genes. The DNA bound receptor then interacts with basic transcription factors, causing an increase or decrease in expression of specific target genes, including suppression of IL2 (interleukin 2) expression.
DCC0251	Dipyridamole	CAS:58-32-2	C24H40N8O4	small molecule	approved	504.6256	For as an adjunct to coumarin anticoagulants in the prevention of postoperative thromboembolic complications of cardiac valve replacement and also used in prevention of angina.	Dipyridamole, a non-nitrate coronary vasodilator that also inhibits platelet aggregation, is combined with other anticoagulant drugs, such as warfarin, to prevent thrombosis in patients with valvular or vascular disorders. Dipyridamole is also used in myocardial perfusion imaging, as an antiplatelet agent, and in combination with aspirin for stroke prophylaxis.	Dipyridamole likely inhibits both adenosine deaminase and phosphodiesterase, preventing the degradation of cAMP, an inhibitor of platelet function. This elevation in cAMP blocks the release of arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids and reduces thromboxane A2 activity. Dipyridamole also directly stimulates the release of prostacyclin, which induces adenylate cyclase activity, thereby raising the intraplatelet concentration of cAMP and further inhibiting platelet aggregation.
DCC0252	Ethinyl Estradiol	CAS:57-63-6	C20H24O2	small molecule	approved	296.4034	For treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms associated with the menopause, female hypogonadism, prostatic carcinoma-palliative therapy of advanced disease, breast cancer, as an oral contraceptive, and as emergency contraceptive.	Ethinyl estradiol is a synthetic derivative of the natural estrogen estradiol. It is one of two estrogens currently used in oral contraceptive pills. The other, mestranol, is converted to ethinyl estradiol before it is biologically active. Ethinyl estradiol and norethindrone are used together as an oral contraceptive agent.	Estrogens diffuse into their target cells and interact with a protein receptor. Target cells include the female reproductive tract, the mammary gland, the hypothalamus, and the pituitary. Estrogens increase the hepatic synthesis of sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), thyroid-binding globulin (TBG), and other serum proteins and suppress follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) from the anterior pituitary. This cascade is initiated by initially binding to the estrogen receptors. The combination of an estrogen with a progestin suppresses the hypothalamic-pituitary system, decreasing the secretion of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH).
DCC0253	Lomefloxacin	CAS:98079-51-7	C17H19F2N3O3	small molecule	approved	351.3479	For the treatment of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract (chronic bronchitis) and urinary tract, and as a pre-operative prophylactic to prevent urinary tract infection caused by: <i>S.pneumoniae</i>, <i>H.influenzae</i>, <i>S.aureus</i>, <i>P.aeruginosa</i>, <i>E. cloacae</i>, <i>P. mirabilis</i>, <i>C. civersus</i>, <i>S. asprphyticus</i>, <i>E.coli</i>, and <i>K.pneumoniae</i>.	Lomefloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic used to treat chronic bronchitis, as well as complicated and uncomplicated urinary tract infections. It is also used as a prophylactic or preventative treatment to prevent urinary tract infections in patients undergoing transrectal or transurethral surgical procedures. Flouroquinolones such as lomefloxacin possess excellent activity against gram-negative aerobic bacteria such as <i>E.coli</i> and <i>Neisseria gonorrhoea</i> as well as gram-positive bacteria including <i>S. pneumoniae</i> and <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i>. They also posses effective activity against shigella, salmonella, campylobacter, gonococcal organisms, and multi drug resistant pseudomonas and enterobacter.	Lomefloxacin is a bactericidal fluoroquinolone agent with activity against a wide range of gram-negative and gram-positive organisms. The bactericidal action of lomefloxacin results from interference with the activity of the bacterial enzymes DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV, which are needed for the transcription and replication of bacterial DNA. DNA gyrase appears to be the primary quinolone target for gram-negative bacteria. Topoisomerase IV appears to be the preferential target in gram-positive organisms. Interference with these two topoisomerases results in strand breakage of the bacterial chromosome, supercoiling, and resealing. As a result DNA replication and transcription is inhibited.
DCC0243	Hydrocodone	CAS:125-29-1	C18H21NO3	small molecule	approved	299.3642	For relief of moderate to moderately severe pain. Also used for the symptomatic relief of nonproductive cough, alone or in combination with other antitussives or expectorants.	"Hydrocodone, a semisynthetic opiate agonist and hydrogenated ketone derivative, is similar to other phenanthrene derivatives, such as codeine. Used as an analgesic, hydrocodone is combined with acetaminophen, ibuprofen, or aspirin to treat pain. Used as an antitussive, hydrocodone is combined with phenylephrine, pseudoephedrine, phenylpropanolamine, guaifenesin, pyrilamine, pheniramine, or chlorpheniramine. Opiate agonists exert their principal pharmacologic effect at specific receptor binding sites in the CNS and other tissues. There are several subtypes of opiate receptors including the mu receptor (localized in pain modulating regions of the CNS), the kappa receptor (localized in the deep layers of the cerebral cortex), the delta receptor (localized in the limbic regions of the CNS), and the sigma receptor (thought to mediate the dysphoric and psychotomimetic effects of some opiate partial agonists). Agonist activity at the mu or kappa receptor can result in analgesia, miosis, and/or decreased body temperature. Agonist activity at the mu receptor can also result in suppression of opiate withdrawal, whereas antagonist activity can result in precipitation of withdrawal. Opiate agonists act at several sites within the CNS involving several systems of neurotransmitters to produce analgesia, but the precise mechanism of action has not been fully determined. Opiate agonists do not alter the threshold or responsiveness of afferent nerve endings to noxious stimuli nor the conduction of impulses along peripheral nerves. Instead, they alter the perception of pain at the spinal cord and higher levels in the CNS and the person's emotional response to pain."	Hydrocodone acts as a weak agonist at OP1, OP2, and OP3 opiate receptors within the central nervous system (CNS). Hydrocodone primarily affects OP3 receptors, which are coupled with G-protein receptors and function as modulators, both positive and negative, of synaptic transmission via G-proteins that activate effector proteins. Binding of the opiate stimulates the exchange of GTP for GDP on the G-protein complex. As the effector system is adenylate cyclase and cAMP located at the inner surface of the plasma membrane, opioids decrease intracellular cAMP by inhibiting adenylate cyclase. Subsequently, the release of nociceptive neurotransmitters such as substance P, GABA, dopamine, acetylcholine, and noradrenaline is inhibited. Opioids such as hydrocodone also inhibit the release of vasopressin, somatostatin, insulin, and glucagon. Opioids close N-type voltage-operated calcium channels (OP2-receptor agonist) and open calcium-dependent inwardly rectifying potassium channels (OP3 and OP1 receptor agonist). This results in hyperpolarization and reduced neuronal excitability.
DCC0255	Formoterol	CAS:73573-87-2	C19H24N2O4	small molecule	approved	344.4049	For use as long-term maintenance treatment of asthma in patients 6 years of age and older with reversible obstructive airways disease, including patients with symptoms of nocturnal asthma, who are using optimal corticosteroid treatment and experiencing regular or frequent breakthrough symptoms requiring use of a short-acting bronchodilator. Not indicated for asthma that can be successfully managed with occasional use of an inhaled, short-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist. Also used for the prevention of exercise-induced bronchospasm, as well as long-term treatment of bronchospasm associated with COPD.	Formoterol is a long-acting selective beta2-adrenergic receptor agonist (beta2-agonist). Inhaled formoterol fumarate acts locally in the lung as a bronchodilator. In vitro studies have shown that formoterol has more than 200-fold greater agonist activity at beta2-receptors than at beta1- receptors. Although beta2-receptors are the predominant adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle and beta1-receptors are the predominant receptors in the heart, there are also beta2-receptors in the human heart comprising 10%-50% of the total beta-adrenergic receptors. The precise function of these receptors has not been established, but they raise the possibility that even highly selective beta2- agonists may have cardiac effects.	"The pharmacologic effects of beta2-adrenoceptor agonist drugs, including formoterol, are at least in part attributable to stimulation of intracellular adenyl cyclase, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3', 5'-adenosine monophosphate (cyclic AMP). Increased cyclic AMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and inhibits the release of pro-inflammatory mast-cell mediators such as histamine and leukotrienes. Formoterol also inhibits histamine-induced plasma albumin extravasation in anesthetized guinea pigs and inhibits allergen-induced eosinophil influx in dogs with airway hyper-responsiveness. The relevance of these in vitro and animal findings to humans is unknown."
DCC0256	Cytarabine	CAS:147-94-4	C9H13N3O5	small molecule	approved	243.2166	For the treatment of acute non-lymphocytic leukemia, acute lymphocytic leukemia and blast phase of chronic myelocytic leukemia.	Cytarabine is an antineoplastic anti-metabolite used in the treatment of several forms of leukemia including acute myelogenous leukemia and meningeal leukemia. Anti-metabolites masquerade as purine or pyrimidine - which become the building blocks of DNA. They prevent these substances becoming incorporated in to DNA during the S phase (of the cell cycle), stopping normal development and division. Cytarabine is metabolized intracellularly into its active triphosphate form (cytosine arabinoside triphosphate). This metabolite then damages DNA by multiple mechanisms, including the inhibition of alpha-DNA polymerase, inhibition of DNA repair through an effect on beta-DNA polymerase, and incorporation into DNA. The latter mechanism is probably the most important. Cytotoxicity is highly specific for the S phase of the cell cycle.	Cytarabine acts through direct DNA damage and incorporation into DNA. Cytarabine is cytotoxic to a wide variety of proliferating mammalian cells in culture. It exhibits cell phase specificity, primarily killing cells undergoing DNA synthesis (S-phase) and under certain conditions blocking the progression of cells from the G1 phase to the S-phase. Although the mechanism of action is not completely understood, it appears that cytarabine acts through the inhibition of DNA polymerase. A limited, but significant, incorporation of cytarabine into both DNA and RNA has also been reported.
DCC0246	Mepivacaine	CAS:96-88-8	C15H22N2O	small molecule	approved	246.348	For production of local or regional analgesia and anesthesia by local infiltration, peripheral nerve block techniques, and central neural techniques including epidural and caudal blocks.	Mepivicaine is a local anesthetic of the amide type. Mepivicaine as a reasonably rapid onset and medium duration and is known by the proprietary names as Carbocaine and Polocaine. Mepivicaine is used in local infiltration and regional anesthesia. Systemic absorption of local anesthetics produces effects on the cardiovascular and central nervous systems. At blood concentrations achieved with normal therapeutic doses, changes in cardiac conduction, excitability, refractoriness, contractility, and peripheral vascular resistance are minimal.	Local anesthetics block the generation and the conduction of nerve impulses, presumably by increasing the threshold for electrical excitation in the nerve, by slowing the propagation of the nerve impulse, and by reducing the rate of rise of the action potential. In general, the progression of anesthesia is related to the diameter, myelination, and conduction velocity of affected nerve fibers. Clinically, the order of loss of nerve function is as follows: pain, temperature, touch, proprioception, and skeletal muscle tone.
DCC0259	Doxorubicin	CAS:23214-92-8	C27H29NO11	small molecule	approved	543.5193	Doxorubicin is used to produce regression in disseminated neoplastic conditions like acute lymphoblastic leukemia, acute myeloblastic leukemia, Wilms_¿_ tumor, neuroblastoma, soft tissue and bone sarcomas, breast carcinoma, ovarian carcinoma, transitional cell bladder carcinoma, thyroid carcinoma, gastric carcinoma, Hodgkin_¿_s disease, malignant lymphoma and bronchogenic carcinoma in which the small cell histologic type is the most responsive compared to other cell types. Doxorubicin is also indicated for use as a component of adjuvant therapy in women with evidence of axillary lymph node involvement following resection of primary breast cancer.	Doxorubicin is an antineoplastic in the anthracycline class. General properties of drugs in this class include: interaction with DNA in a variety of different ways including intercalation (squeezing between the base pairs), DNA strand breakage and inhibition with the enzyme topoisomerase II. Most of these compounds have been isolated from natural sources and antibiotics. However, they lack the specificity of the antimicrobial antibiotics and thus produce significant toxicity. The anthracyclines are among the most important antitumor drugs available. Doxorubicin is widely used for the treatment of several solid tumors while daunorubicin and idarubicin are used exclusively for the treatment of leukemia. Doxorubicin may also inhibit polymerase activity, affect regulation of gene expression, and produce free radical damage to DNA. Doxorubicin possesses an antitumor effect against a wide spectrum of tumors, either grafted or spontaneous. The anthracyclines are cell cycle-nonspecific.	Doxorubicin has antimitotic and cytotoxic activity through a number of proposed mechanisms of action: Doxorubicin forms complexes with DNA by intercalation between base pairs, and it inhibits topoisomerase II activity by stabilizing the DNA-topoisomerase II complex, preventing the religation portion of the ligation-religation reaction that topoisomerase II catalyzes.
DCC0260	Hydrochlorothiazide	CAS:58-93-5	C7H8ClN3O4S2	small molecule	approved	297.739	Hydrochlorothiazide treats fluid retention (edema) in people with congestive heart failure, cirrhosis of the liver, or kidney disorders, or edema caused by taking steroids or estrogen. This medication is also used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension).	Thiazides such as hydrochlorothiazide promote water loss from the body (diuretics). They inhibit Na<sup>+</sup>/Cl<sup>-</sup> reabsorption from the distal convoluted tubules in the kidneys. Thiazides also cause loss of potassium and an increase in serum uric acid. Thiazides are often used to treat hypertension, but their hypotensive effects are not necessarily due to their diuretic activity. Thiazides have been shown to prevent hypertension-related morbidity and mortality although the mechanism is not fully understood. Thiazides cause vasodilation by activating calcium-activated potassium channels (large conductance) in vascular smooth muscles and inhibiting various carbonic anhydrases in vascular tissue.	Hydrochlorothiazide, a thiazide diuretic, inhibits water reabsorption in the nephron by inhibiting the sodium-chloride symporter (SLC12A3) in the distal convoluted tubule, which is responsible for 5% of total sodium reabsorption. Normally, the sodium-chloride symporter transports sodium and chloride from the lumen into the epithelial cell lining the distal convoluted tubule. The energy for this is provided by a sodium gradient established by sodium-potassium ATPases on the basolateral membrane. Once sodium has entered the cell, it is transported out into the basolateral interstitium via the sodium-potassium ATPase, causing an increase in the osmolarity of the interstitium, thereby establishing an osmotic gradient for water reabsorption. By blocking the sodium-chloride symporter, hydrochlorothiazide effectively reduces the osmotic gradient and water reabsorption throughout the nephron.Hydrochlorothiazide, a thiazide diuretic, inhibits water reabsorption in the nephron by inhibiting the sodium-chloride symporter (SLC12A3) in the distal convoluted tubule, which is responsible for 5% of total sodium reabsorption. Normally, the sodium-chloride symporter transports sodium and chloride from the lumen into the epithelial cell lining the distal convoluted tubule. The energy for this is provided by a sodium gradient established by sodium-potassium ATPases on the basolateral membrane. Once sodium has entered the cell, it is transported out into the basolateral interstitium via the sodium-potassium ATPase, causing an increase in the osmolarity of the interstitium, thereby establishing an osmotic gradient for water reabsorption. By blocking the sodium-chloride symporter, hydrochlorothiazide effectively reduces the osmotic gradient and water reabsorption throughout the nephron.
DCC0250	Ezetimibe	CAS:163222-33-1	C24H21F2NO3	small molecule	approved	409.4252	For use as adjunctive therapy to diet for the reduction of elevated total-C, LDL-C, and Apo B in patients with primary (heterozygous familial and non-familial) hypercholesterolemia.	Ezetimibe is in a class of lipid-lowering compounds that selectively inhibits the intestinal absorption of cholesterol and related phytosterols. Ezetimibe, administered alone is indicated as adjunctive therapy to diet for the reduction of elevated total-C, LDL-C, and Apo B in patients with primary (heterozygous familial and non-familial) hypercholesterolemia. It is also used in combination therapy with HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors. Ezetimibe has a mechanism of action that differs from those of other classes of cholesterol-reducing compounds (HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors, bile acid sequestrants, fibric acid derivatives, and plant stanols). Ezetimibe does not inhibit cholesterol synthesis in the liver, or increase bile acid excretion but instead localizes and appears to act at the brush border of the small intestine and inhibits the absorption of cholesterol, leading to a decrease in the delivery of intestinal cholesterol to the liver. This causes a reduction of hepatic cholesterol stores and an increase in clearance of cholesterol from the blood; this distinct mechanism is complementary to that of HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors.	Ezetimibe localizes and appears to act at the brush border of the small intestine and inhibits the absorption of cholesterol. This leads to a decrease in the delivery of intestinal cholesterol to the liver.
DCC0262	Ganciclovir	CAS:82410-32-0	C9H13N5O4	small molecule	approved	255.2306	For induction and maintenance in the treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis in immunocompromised patients, including patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Also used in the treatment of severe cytomegalovirus (CMV) disease, including CMV pneumonia, CMV gastrointestinal disease, and disseminated CMV infections, in immunocompromised patients.	"Ganciclovir is a synthetic nucleoside analogue of 2'-deoxyguanosine that inhibits replication of herpes viruses both <i>in vitro</i> and <i>in vivo</i>. Sensitive human viruses include cytomegalovirus (CMV), herpes simplex virus -1 and -2 (HSV-1, HSV-2), Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) and varicella zoster virus (VZV), however clinical studies have been limited to assessment of efficacy in patients with CMV infection. Ganciclovir is a prodrug that is structurally similar to acyclovir. It inhibits virus replication by its encorporation into viral DNA. This encorporation inhibits dATP and leads to defective DNA, ceasing or retarding the viral machinery required to spread the virus to other cells."	"Ganciclovir's antiviral activity inhibits virus replication. This inhibitory action is highly selective as the drug must be converted to the active form by a virus-encoded cellular enzyme, thymidine kinase (TK). TK catalyzes phosphorylation of ganciclovir to the monophosphate, which is then subsequently converted into the diphosphate by cellular guanylate kinase and into the triphosphate by a number of cellular enzymes. <i>In vitro</i>, ganciclovir triphosphate stops replication of herpes viral DNA. When used as a substrate for viral DNA polymerase, ganciclovir triphosphate competitively inhibits dATP leading to the formation of 'faulty' DNA. This is where ganciclovir triphosphate is incorporated into the DNA strand replacing many of the adenosine bases. This results in the prevention of DNA synthesis, as phosphodiester bridges can longer to be built, destabilizing the strand. Ganciclovir inhibits viral DNA polymerases more effectively than it does cellular polymerase, and chain elongation resumes when ganciclovir is removed."
DCC0263	Hydroxyurea	CAS:127-07-1	CH4N2O2	small molecule	approved	76.0547	For management of melanoma, resistant chronic myelocytic leukemia, and recurrent, metastatic, or inoperable carcinoma of the ovary and Sickle-cell anemia.	Hydroxyurea has dose-dependent synergistic activity with cisplatin <i>in vitro</i>. <i>In vivo</i> Hydroxyurea showed activity in combination with cisplatin against the LX-1 and CALU-6 human lung xenografts, but minimal activity was seen with the NCI-H460 or NCI-H520 xenografts. Hydroxyurea was synergistic with cisplatin in the Lewis lung murine xenograft. Sequential exposure to Hydroxyurea 4 hours before cisplatin produced the greatest interaction.	Hydroxyurea is converted to a free radical nitroxide (NO) in vivo, and transported by diffusion into cells where it quenches the tyrosyl free radical at the active site of the M2 protein subunit of ribonucleotide reductase, inactivating the enzyme. The entire replicase complex, including ribonucleotide reductase, is inactivated and DNA synthesis is selectively inhibited, producing cell death in S phase and synchronization of the fraction of cells that survive. Repair of DNA damaged by chemicals or irradiation is also inhibited by hydroxyurea, offering potential synergy between hydroxyurea and radiation or alkylating agents. Hydroxyurea also increases the level of fetal hemoglobin, leading to a reduction in the incidence of vasoocclusive crises in sickle cell anemia. Levels of fetal hemoglobin increase in response to activation of soluble guanylyl cyclase (sGC) by hydroxyurea-derived NO.
DCC0264	Letrozole	CAS:112809-51-5	C17H11N5	small molecule	approved	285.3027	For the extended adjuvant treatment of early breast cancer in postmenopausal women who have received 5 years of adjuvant tamoxifen therapy. Also for first-line treatment of postmenopausal women with hormone receptor positive or hormone receptor unknown locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer. Also indicated for the treatment of advanced breast cancer in postmenopausal women with disease progression following antiestrogen therapy.	Letrozole is an aromatase inhibitor used in the treatment of breast cancer. Aromatase inhibitors work by inhibiting the action of the enzyme aromatase, which converts androgens into estrogens by a process called aromatization. As breast tissue is stimulated by estrogens, decreasing their production is a way of suppressing recurrence of the breast tumor tissue.	Letrozole is a nonsteroidal competitive inhibitor of the aromatase enzyme system; it inhibits the conversion of androgens to estrogens. In adult nontumor- and tumorbearing female animals, letrozole is as effective as ovariectomy in reducing uterine weight, elevating serum Leuteinizing hormone (LH), and causing the regression of estrogen-dependent tumors. In contrast to ovariectomy, treatment with letrozole does not lead to an increase in serum (folicile stimulating hormone (FSH). Letrozole selectively inhibits gonadal steroidogenesis but has no significant effect on adrenal mineralocorticoid or glucocorticoid synthesis.
DCC0254	Cyclopentolate	CAS:512-15-2	C17H25NO3	small molecule	approved	291.3853	Dilating the eye before an exam or surgery and preventing the eye from focusing.	Cyclopentolate is an anti-muscarinic in the same class as atropine and scopolamine. Cyclopentolate blocks the receptors in the muscles of the eye (muscarinic receptors). These receptors are involved controlling the pupil size and the shape of the lens. Cyclopentolate thus induces relaxation of the sphincter of the iris and the ciliary muscles. When applied topically to the eyes, it causes a rapid, intense cycloplegic and mydriatic effect that is maximal in 15 to 60 minutes; recovery usually occurs within 24 hours. The cycloplegic and mydriatic effects are slower in onset and longer in duration in patients who have dark pigmented irises.	By blocking muscarinic receptors, cyclopentolate produces dilatation of the pupil (mydriasis) and prevents the eye from accommodating for near vision (cycloplegia).
DCC0266	Sulfamethoxazole	CAS:723-46-6	C10H11N3O3S	small molecule	approved	253.278	For the treatment bacterial infections causing bronchitis, prostatitis and urinary tract infections.	Sulfamethoxazole is a sulfonamide drug that inhibits bacterial synthesis of dihydrofolic acid by competing with para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) for binding to dihydropteroate synthetase (dihydrofolate synthetase). Sulfamethoxazole is bacteriostatic in nature. Inhibition of dihydrofolic acid synthesis decreases the synthesis of bacterial nucleotides and DNA. Sulfamethoxazole is normally given in combination with Trimethoprim, a dihydrofolate reductase inhibitor, which inhibits the reduction of dihydrofolic acid to tetrahydrofolic acid. Studies have shown that bacterial resistance develops more slowly with the combination of the two drugs than with either Trimethoprim or Sulfamethoxazole alone.	Sulfonamides inhibit the enzymatic conversion of pteridine and p-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) to dihydropteroic acid by competing with PABA for binding to dihydrofolate synthetase, an intermediate of tetrahydrofolic acid (THF) synthesis. THF is required for the synthesis of purines and dTMP and inhibition of its synthesis inhibits bacterial growth. Pyrimethamine and trimethoprim inhibit dihydrofolate reductase, another step in THF synthesis, and therefore act synergistically with the sulfonamides.
DCC0267	Glyburide	CAS:10238-21-8	C23H28ClN3O5S	small molecule	approved	494.004	Indicated as an adjunct to diet to lower the blood glucose in patients with NIDDM whose hyperglycemia cannot be satisfactorily controlled by diet alone.	Glyburide, a second-generation sulfonylurea antidiabetic agent, lowers blood glucose acutely by stimulating the release of insulin from the pancreas, an effect dependent upon functioning beta cells in the pancreatic islets. With chronic administration in Type II diabetic patients, the blood glucose lowering effect persists despite a gradual decline in the insulin secretory response to the drug. Extrapancreatic effects may be involved in the mechanism of action of oral sulfonyl-urea hypoglycemic drugs. The combination of glibenclamide and metformin may have a synergistic effect, since both agents act to improve glucose tolerance by different but complementary mechanisms. In addition to its blood glucose lowering actions, glyburide produces a mild diuresis by enhancement of renal free water clearance. Glyburide is twice as potent as the related second-generation agent glipizide.	Sulfonylureas such as glyburide bind to ATP-sensitive potassium channels on the pancreatic cell surface, reducing potassium conductance and causing depolarization of the membrane. Depolarization stimulates calcium ion influx through voltage-sensitive calcium channels, raising intracellular concentrations of calcium ions, which induces the secretion, or exocytosis, of insulin.
DCC0268	Minocycline	CAS:10118-90-8	C23H27N3O7	small molecule	approved	457.4764	For the treatment of infections caused by susceptible strains of microorganisms, such as Rocky Mountain spotted fever, typhus fever and the typhus group, Q fever, rickettsial pox and tick fevers caused by Rickettsiae, upper respiratory tract infections caused by <i>Streptococcus pneumoniae</i> and for the treatment of asymptomatic carriers of <i>Neisseria meningitidis</i>.	"Minocycline, the most lipid soluble and most active tetracycline antibiotic, is, like doxycycline, a long-acting tetracycline. Minocycline's effects are related to the inhibition of protein synthesis. Although minocycline's broader spectrum of activity, compared to other members of the group, includes activity against <i>Neisseria meningitidis</i>, its use as a prophylaxis is no longer recomended because of side effects (dizziness and vertigo). Current research is examining the possible neuroprotective effects of minocycline against progression of Huntington's Disease, an inherited neurodegenerative disorder. The neuroprotective action of minocycline may include its inhibitory effect on 5-lipoxygenase, an inflammatory enzyme associated with brain aging."	Minocycline passes directly through the lipid bilayer or passively diffuses through porin channels in the bacterial membrane. Tetracyclines like minocycline bind to the 30S ribosomal subunit, preventing the binding of tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex and interfering with protein synthesis.
DCC0257	Neomycin	CAS:1404-04-2	C23H46N6O13	small molecule	approved	614.6437	Topical uses include treatment for superficial eye infections caused by susceptible bacteria (used in combination with other antiinfectives), treatment of otitis externa caused by susceptible bacteria, treatment or prevention of bacterial infections in skin lesions, and use as a continuous short-term irrigant or rinse to prevent bacteriuria and gram negative rod bacteremia in abacteriuric patients with indwelling catheters. May be used orally to treat hepatic encephalopathy, as a perioperative prophylactic agent, and as an adjunct to fluid and electrolyte replacement in the treatment of diarrhea caused to enteropathogenic E. coli (EPEC).	Neomycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic. Aminoglycosides work by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of t-RNA, leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth. Aminoglycosides are useful primarily in infections involving aerobic, Gram-negative bacteria, such as Pseudomonas, Acinetobacter, and Enterobacter. In addition, some mycobacteria, including the bacteria that cause tuberculosis, are susceptible to aminoglycosides. Infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria can also be treated with aminoglycosides, but other types of antibiotics are more potent and less damaging to the host. In the past the aminoglycosides have been used in conjunction with penicillin-related antibiotics in streptococcal infections for their synergistic effects, particularly in endocarditis. Aminoglycosides are mostly ineffective against anaerobic bacteria, fungi and viruses.	Aminoglycosides like neomycin irreversibly bind to specific 30S-subunit proteins and 16S rRNA. Specifically neomycin binds to four nucleotides of 16S rRNA and a single amino acid of protein S12. This interferes with decoding site in the vicinity of nucleotide 1400 in 16S rRNA of 30S subunit. This region interacts with the wobble base in the anticodon of tRNA. This leads to interference with the initiation complex, misreading of mRNA so incorrect amino acids are inserted into the polypeptide leading to nonfunctional or toxic peptides and the breakup of polysomes into nonfunctional monosomes.
DCC0258	Gabapentin	CAS:60142-96-3	C9H17NO2	small molecule	approved	171.2368	For the management of postherpetic neuralgia in adults and as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial seizures with and without secondary generalization in patients over 12 years of age with epilepsy.	"Gabapentin, an analog of GABA, is used as an anticonvulsant to treat partial seizures, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), and painful neuropathies. Potential uses include monotherapy of refractory partial seizure disorders, and treatment of spasticity in multiple sclerosis, tremor. mood disorders, and attenuation of disruptive behaviors in dementia. Gabapentin has high lipid solubility, is not metabolized by the liver, has no protein binding, and doesn't possess the usual drug interactions."	Gabapentin interacts with cortical neurons at auxillary subunits of voltage-sensitive calcium channels. Gabapentin increases the synaptic concentration of GABA, enhances GABA responses at non-synaptic sites in neuronal tissues, and reduces the release of mono-amine neurotransmitters. One of the mechanisms implicated in this effect of gabapentin is the reduction of the axon excitability measured as an amplitude change of the presynaptic fibre volley (FV) in the CA1 area of the hippocampus. This is mediated through its binding to presynaptic NMDA receptors. Other studies have shown that the antihyperalgesic and antiallodynic effects of gabapentin are mediated by the descending noradrenergic system, resulting in the activation of spinal alpha2-adrenergic receptors. Gabapentin has also been shown to bind and activate the adenosine A1 receptor.
DCC0270	Irbesartan	CAS:138402-11-6	C25H28N6O	small molecule	approved	428.5294	For the treatment of hypertension, as well as diabetic nephropathy with an elevated serum creatinine and proteinuria (&gt;300 mg/day) in patients with type 2 diabetes and hypertension. Irbesartan is also used as a second line agent in the treatment of congestive heart failure.	"Angiotensin II, the principal pressor agent of the renin-angiotensin system, is responsible for effects such as vasoconstriction, stimulation of synthesis and release of aldosterone, cardiac stimulation, and renal reabsorption of sodium. Irbesartan is a specific competitive antagonist of AT<sub>1</sub> receptors with a much greater affinity (more than 8500-fold) for the AT<sub>1</sub> receptor than for the AT<sub>2</sub> receptor and no agonist activity. Irbesartan's inhibition of angiotensin II binding to the AT1 receptor leads to multiple effects including vasodilation, a reduction in the secretion of vasopressin, and reduction in the production and secretion of aldosterone. The resulting effect is a decrease in blood pressure."	Irbesartan is a nonpeptide tetrazole derivative and an angiotensin II antagonist that selectively blocks the binding of angiotensin II to the AT<sub>1</sub> receptor. In the renin-angiotensin system, angiotensin I is converted by angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) to form angiotensin II. Angiotensin II stimulates the adrenal cortex to synthesize and secrete aldosterone, which decreases the excretion of sodium and increases the excretion of potassium. Angiotensin II also acts as a vasoconstrictor in vascular smooth muscle. Irbesartan, by blocking the binding of angiotensin II to the AT<sub>1</sub> receptor, promotes vasodilation and decreases the effects of aldosterone. The negative feedback regulation of angiotensin II on renin secretion is also inhibited, but the resulting rise in plasma renin concentrations and consequent rise in angiotensin II plasma concentrations do not counteract the blood pressure&ndash;lowering effect that occurs. The action of ARBs is different from ACE inhibitors, which block the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II, meaning that the production of angiotensin II is not completely inhibited, as the hormone can be formed via other enzymes. Also, unlike ACE inhibitors, irbesartan and other ARBs do not interfere with response to bradykinins and substance P, which allows for the absence of adverse effects that are present in ACE inhibitors (eg. dry cough).
DCC0261	Salbutamol	CAS:18559-94-9	C13H21NO3	small molecule	approved	239.3107	For symptomatic relief and prevention of bronchospasm due to bronchial asthma, chronic bronchitis, and other chronic bronchopulmonary disorders such as COPD.	Salbutamol (INN) or albuterol (USAN), a moderately selective beta(2)-receptor agonist similar in structure to terbutaline, is widely used as a bronchodilator to manage asthma and other chronic obstructive airway diseases. The R-isomer, levalbuterol, is responsible for bronchodilation while the S-isomer increases bronchial reactivity.  The R-enantiomer is sold in its pure form as Levalbuterol.  The manufacturer of levalbuterol, Sepracor, has implied (although not directly claimed) that the presence of only the R-enantiomer produces fewer side-effects.	Salbutamol is a beta(2)-adrenergic agonist and thus it stimulates beta(2)-adrenergic receptors. Binding of albuterol to beta(2)-receptors in the lungs results in relaxation of bronchial smooth muscles. It is believed that salbutamol increases cAMP production by activating adenylate cyclase, and the actions of salbutamol are mediated by cAMP. Increased intracellular cyclic AMP increases the activity of cAMP-dependent protein kinase A, which inhibits the phosphorylation of myosin and lowers intracellular calcium concentrations. A lowered intracellular calcium concentration leads to a smooth muscle relaxation and bronchodilation. In addition to bronchodilation, salbutamol inhibits the release of bronchoconstricting agents from mast cells, inhibits microvascular leakage, and enhances mucociliary clearance.
DCC0273	Mercaptopurine	CAS:50-44-2	C5H4N4S	small molecule	approved	152.177	For remission induction and maintenance therapy of acute lymphatic leukemia.	Mercaptopurine is one of a large series of purine analogues which interfere with nucleic acid biosynthesis and has been found active against human leukemias. It is an analogue of the purine bases adenine and hypoxanthine. It is not known exactly which of any one or more of the biochemical effects of mercaptopurine and its metabolites are directly or predominantly responsible for cell death.	Mercaptopurine competes with hypoxanthine and guanine for the enzyme hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyltransferase (HGPRTase) and is itself converted to thioinosinic acid (TIMP). This intracellular nucleotide inhibits several reactions involving inosinic acid (IMP), including the conversion of IMP to xanthylic acid (XMP) and the conversion of IMP to adenylic acid (AMP) via adenylosuccinate (SAMP). In addition, 6-methylthioinosinate (MTIMP) is formed by the methylation of TIMP. Both TIMP and MTIMP have been reported to inhibit glutamine-5-phosphoribosylpyrophosphate amidotransferase, the first enzyme unique to the de novo pathway for purine ribonucleotide synthesis. Experiments indicate that radiolabeled mercaptopurine may be recovered from the DNA in the form of deoxythioguanosine. Some mercaptopurine is converted to nucleotide derivatives of 6-thioguanine (6-TG) by the sequential actions of inosinate (IMP) dehydrogenase and xanthylate (XMP) aminase, converting TIMP to thioguanylic acid (TGMP).
DCC0274	Cerulenin	CAS:17397-89-6	C12H17NO3	small molecule	approved	223.2683	For use as a biochemical tool, Cerulenin is shown to cause dramatic weight loss in animals	Cerulenin is an antifungal antibiotic isolated from <i>Cephalosporium caerulens</i>. It interrupts fungal growth by inhibiting the biosynthesis of sterols and fatty acids (inhibits bacterial fatty acid synthesis). It also inhibits HMG-CoA synthetase activity. Cerulenin produces metabolic effects similar to effects of leptin, but through mechanisms that are independent of, or down-stream from, both leptin and melanocortin receptors.	Irreversibly binds to fatty acid synthase, specifically b-ketoacyl-acyl carrier protein synthase (FabH, FabB and FabF condensation enzymes). A number of tumor cells and cell lines have been observed to have highly upregulated expression and activity of fatty acid synthase (FAS). Inhibition of FAS by cerulenin leads to cytotoxicity and apoptosis in human cancer cell lines, an effect believed to be mediated by the accumulation of malonyl-coenzyme A in cells with an upregulated FAS pathway.
DCC0275	Procainamide	CAS:51-06-9	C13H21N3O	small molecule	approved	235.3253	For the treatment of life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias.	Procainamide is an agent indicated for production of local or regional anesthesia and in the treatment of ventricular tachycardia occurring during cardiac manipulation, such as surgery or catheterization, or which may occur during acute myocardial infarction, digitalis toxicity, or other cardiac diseases. The mode of action of the antiarrhythmic effect of Procainamide appears to be similar to that of procaine and quinidine. Ventricular excitability is depressed and the stimulation threshold of the ventricle is increased during diastole. The sinoatrial node is, however, unaffected.	Procainamide is sodium channel blocker. It stabilizes the neuronal membrane by inhibiting the ionic fluxes required for the initiation and conduction of impulses thereby effecting local anesthetic action.
DCC0276	Fenofibrate	CAS:49562-28-9	C20H21ClO4	small molecule	approved	360.831	For use as adjunctive therapy to diet to reduce elevated LDL-C, Total-C,Triglycerides and Apo B, and to increase HDL-C in adult patients with primary hypercholesterolemia or mixed dyslipidemia (Fredrickson Types IIa and IIb)	Fenofibrate is a lipid regulating agent indicated as adjunctive therapy to diet to reduce elevated LDL-C, Total-C,Triglycerides and Apo B, and to increase HDL-C in adult patients with primary hypercholesterolemia or mixed dyslipidemia (Fredrickson Types IIa and IIb). Fenofibrate is also indicated as adjunctive therapy to diet for treatment of adult patients with hypertriglyceridemia (Fredrickson Types IV and V hyperlipidemia). Fenofibric acid, the active metabolite of Fenofibrate, produces reductions in total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, total triglycerides and triglyceride rich lipoprotein (VLDL) in treated patients. In addition, treatment with fenofibrate results in increases in high density lipoprotein (HDL) and apoproteins apoAI and apoAII.	Fenofibrate exerts its therapeutic effects through activation of peroxisome proliferator activated receptor a (PPARa). This increases lipolysis and elimination of triglyceride-rich particles from plasma by activating lipoprotein lipase and reducing production of apoprotein C-III. The resulting fall in triglycerides produces an alteration in the size and composition of LDL from small, dense particles, to large buoyant particles. These larger particles have a greater affinity for cholesterol receptors and are catabolized rapidly.
DCC0265	Ketoprofen	CAS:22071-15-4	C16H14O3	small molecule	approved	254.2806	For symptomatic treatment of acute and chronic rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, primary dysmenorrhea and mild to moderate pain associated with musculotendinous trauma (sprains and strains), postoperative (including dental surgery) or postpartum pain.	Ketoprofen is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with analgesic and antipyretic properties. Ketoprofen has pharmacologic actions similar to those of other prototypical NSAIDs, which inhibit prostaglandin synthesis. Ketoprofen is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, dysmenorrhea, and alleviate moderate pain.	The anti-inflammatory effects of ketoprofen are believed to be due to inhibition cylooxygenase-2 (COX-2), an enzyme involved in prostaglandin synthesis via the arachidonic acid pathway. This results in decreased levels of prostaglandins that mediate pain, fever and inflammation. Ketoprofen is a non-specific cyclooxygenase inhibitor and inhibition of COX-1 is thought to confer some of its side effects, such as GI upset and ulceration. Ketoprofen is thought to have anti-bradykinin activity, as well as lysosomal membrane-stabilizing action. Antipyretic effects may be due to action on the hypothalamus, resulting in an increased peripheral blood flow, vasodilation, and subsequent heat dissipation.
DCC0278	Melphalan	CAS:148-82-3	C13H18Cl2N2O2	small molecule	approved	305.2	For the palliative treatment of multiple myeloma and for the palliation of non-resectable epithelial carcinoma of the ovary. Has also been used alone or as part of various chemotherapeutic regimens as an adjunct to surgery in the treatment of breast cancer, alone or in combination regimens for palliative treatment of locally recurrent or unresectable in-transit metastatic melanoma of the extremities, as well as for the treatment of amyloidosis with prednisone.	Melphalan is an antineoplastic in the class of alkylating agents and is used to treat various forms of cancer. Alkylating agents are so named because of their ability to add alkyl groups to many electronegative groups under conditions present in cells. They stop tumor growth by cross-linking guanine bases in DNA double-helix strands - directly attacking DNA. This makes the strands unable to uncoil and separate. As this is necessary in DNA replication, the cells can no longer divide. In addition, these drugs add methyl or other alkyl groups onto molecules where they do not belong which in turn inhibits their correct utilization by base pairing and causes a miscoding of DNA. Alkylating agents are cell cycle-nonspecific. Alkylating agents work by three different mechanisms all of which achieve the same end result - disruption of DNA function and cell death.	Alkylating agents work by three different mechanisms: 1) attachment of alkyl groups to DNA bases (primarily at the N-7 position of guanine and to a lesser extent, at the N-3 position of adenine), forming monoadducts and resulting in the DNA being fragmented by repair enzymes in their attempts to replace the alkylated bases, preventing DNA synthesis and RNA transcription from the affected DNA, 2) DNA damage via the formation of cross-links (bonds between atoms in the DNA) which prevents DNA from being separated for synthesis or transcription, and 3) the induction of mispairing of the nucleotides leading to mutations.
DCC0279	Gatifloxacin	CAS:112811-59-3	C19H22FN3O4	small molecule	approved	375.3941	For the treatment of bronchitis, sinusitis, community-acquired pneumonia, and skin infections (abscesses, wounds) caused by S. pneumoniae, H. influenzae, S. aureus, M. pneumoniae, C. pneumoniae, L. pneumophila, S. pyogenes	Gatifloxacin is a synthetic broad-spectrum 8-methoxyfluoroquinolone antibacterial agent for oral or intravenous administration. is bactericidal and its mode of action depends on blocking of bacterial DNA replication by binding itself to an enzyme called DNA gyrase, which allows the untwisting required to replicate one DNA double helix into two. Notably the drug has 100 times higher affinity for bacterial DNA gyrase than for mammalian. Gatifloxacin is a broad-spectrum antibiotic that is active against both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. It should be used only to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by bacteria.	The bactericidal action of Gatifloxacin results from inhibition of the enzymes topoisomerase II (DNA gyrase) and topoisomerase IV, which are required for bacterial DNA replication, transcription, repair, and recombination.
DCC0280	Rifampin	CAS:13292-46-1	C43H58N4O12	small molecule	approved	822.9402	For the treatment of Tuberculosis and Tuberculosis-related mycobacterial infections.	Rifampin is an antibiotic that inhibits DNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity in susceptible cells. Specifically, it interacts with bacterial RNA polymerase but does not inhibit the mammalian enzyme. It is bactericidal and has a very broad spectrum of activity against most gram-positive and gram-negative organisms (including <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i>) and specifically <i>Mycobacterium tuberculosis</i>. Because of rapid emergence of resistant bacteria, use is restricted to treatment of mycobacterial infections and a few other indications. Rifampin is well absorbed when taken orally and is distributed widely in body tissues and fluids, including the CSF. It is metabolized in the liver and eliminated in bile and, to a much lesser extent, in urine, but dose adjustments are unnecessary with renal insufficiency.	Rifampin acts via the inhibition of DNA-dependent RNA polymerase, leading to a suppression of RNA synthesis and cell death.
DCC0281	Abacavir	CAS:136470-78-5	C14H18N6O	small molecule	approved	286.3323	For the treatment of HIV-1 infection, in combination with other antiretroviral agents.	"Abacavir is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) with activity against Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1). Abacavir is phosphorylated to active metabolites that compete for incorporation into viral DNA. They inhibit the HIV reverse transcriptase enzyme competitively and act as a chain terminator of DNA synthesis. The lack of a 3'-OH group in the incorporated nucleoside analogue prevents the formation of the 5' to 3' phosphodiester linkage essential for DNA chain elongation, and therefore, the viral DNA growth is terminated."	"Abacavir is a carbocyclic synthetic nucleoside analogue. Intracellularly, abacavir is converted by cellular enzymes to the active metabolite carbovir triphosphate, an analogue of deoxyguanosine-5'-triphosphate (dGTP). Carbovir triphosphate inhibits the activity of HIV-1 reverse transcriptase (RT) both by competing with the natural substrate dGTP and by its incorporation into viral DNA."
DCC0269	Felodipine	CAS:72509-76-3	C18H19Cl2NO4	small molecule	approved	384.254	For the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension, alone or with other medications.	Felodipine belongs to the dihydropyridine (DHP) class of calcium channel blockers (CCBs), the most widely used class of CCBs. There are at least five different types of calcium channels in Homo sapiens: L-, N-, P/Q-, R- and T-type. It was widely accepted that CCBs target L-type calcium channels, the major channel in muscle cells that mediates contraction; however, some studies have shown that felodipine also binds to and inhibits T-type calcium channels. T-type calcium channels are most commonly found on neurons, cells with pacemaker activity and on osteocytes. The pharmacologic significance of T-type calcium channel blockade is unknown. Felodipine also binds to calmodulin and inhibits calmodulin-dependent calcium release from the sarcoplasmic reticulum. The effect of this interaction appears to be minor.  Another study demonstrated that felodipine attenuates the activity of calmodulin-dependent cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase (CaMPDE) by binding to the PDE-1B1 and PDE-1A2 enzyme subunits. CaMPDE is one of the key enzymes involved in cyclic nucleotides and calcium second messenger systems. Felodipine also acts as an antagonist to the mineralcorticoid receptor by competing with aldosterone for binding and blocking aldosterone-induced coactivator recruitment of the mineralcorticoid receptor. Felodipine is able to bind to skeletal and cardiac muscle isoforms of troponin C, one of the key regulatory proteins in muscle contraction. Though felodipine exhibits binding to many endogenous molecules, its vasodilatory effects are still thought to be brought about primarily through inhibition of voltage-gated L-type calcium channels. Similar to other DHP CCBs, felodipine binds directly to inactive calcium channels stabilizing their inactive conformation. Since arterial smooth muscle depolarizations are longer in duration than cardiac muscle depolarizations, inactive channels are more prevalent in smooth muscle cells. Alternative splicing of the alpha-1 subunit of the channel gives felodipine additional arterial selectivity. At therapeutic sub-toxic concentrations, felodipine has little effect on cardiac myocytes and conduction cells.	Felodipine decreases arterial smooth muscle contractility and subsequent vasoconstriction by inhibiting the influx of calcium ions through voltage-gated L-type calcium channels. It reversibly competes against nitrendipine and other DHP CCBs for DHP binding sites in vascular smooth muscle and cultured rabbit atrial cells. Calcium ions entering the cell through these channels bind to calmodulin. Calcium-bound calmodulin then binds to and activates myosin light chain kinase (MLCK). Activated MLCK catalyzes the phosphorylation of the regulatory light chain subunit of myosin, a key step in muscle contraction. Signal amplification is achieved by calcium-induced calcium release from the sarcoplasmic reticulum through ryanodine receptors. Inhibition of the initial influx of calcium decreases the contractile activity of arterial smooth muscle cells and results in vasodilation. The vasodilatory effects of felodipine result in an overall decrease in blood pressure. Felodipine may be used to treat mild to moderate essential hypertension.
DCC0283	Nitrendipine	CAS:39562-70-4	C18H20N2O6	small molecule	approved	360.3612	It is used in the treatment of primary (essential) hypertension to decrease blood pressure.	"Nitrendipine, a dihydropyridine calcium-channel blocker, is used alone or with an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor, to treat hypertension, chronic stable angina pectoris, and Prinzmetal's variant angina. Nitrendipine is similar to other peripheral vasodilators. Nitrendipine inhibits the influx of extra cellular calcium across the myocardial and vascular smooth muscle cell membranes possibly by deforming the channel, inhibiting ion-control gating mechanisms, and/or interfering with the release of calcium from the sarcoplasmic reticulum. The decrease in intracellular calcium inhibits the contractile processes of the myocardial smooth muscle cells, causing dilation of the coronary and systemic arteries, increased oxygen delivery to the myocardial tissue, decreased total peripheral resistance, decreased systemic blood pressure, and decreased afterload."	By deforming the channel, inhibiting ion-control gating mechanisms, and/or interfering with the release of calcium from the sarcoplasmic reticulum, Nitrendipine inhibits the influx of extracellular calcium across the myocardial and vascular smooth muscle cell membranes The decrease in intracellular calcium inhibits the contractile processes of the myocardial smooth muscle cells, causing dilation of the coronary and systemic arteries, increased oxygen delivery to the myocardial tissue, decreased total peripheral resistance, decreased systemic blood pressure, and decreased afterload.
DCC0284	Praziquantel	CAS:55268-74-1	C19H24N2O2	small molecule	approved	312.4061	Praziquantel is used to treat infections caused by Schistosoma worms, which enter the body through skin that has come into contact with contaminated water.	Praziquantel is an anthelmintic used in most schistosome and many cestode infestations. Praziquantel effects the permeability of the cell membrane resulting in the contraction of schistosomes. The drug further causes vacuolization and disintegration of the schistosome tegument. The effect is more marked on adult worms compared to young worms. An increased calcium influx may play an important role. Secondary effects are inhibition of glucose uptake, lowering of glycogen levels and stimulation of lactate release. The action of praziquantel is limited very specifically to trematodes and cestodes; nematodes (including filariae) are not affected.	"Praziquantel works by causing severe spasms and paralysis of the worms' muscles. This paralysis is accompanied - and probably caused - by a rapid Ca 2+ influx inside the schistosome. Morphological alterations are another early effect of praziquantel. These morphological alterations are accompanied by an increased exposure of schistosome antigens at the parasite surface. The worms are then either completely destroyed in the intestine or passed in the stool. An interesting quirk of praziquantel is that it is relatively ineffective against juvenile schistosomes. While initially effective, effectiveness against schistosomes decreases until it reaches a minimum at 3-4 weeks. Effectiveness then increases again until it is once again fully effective at 6-7 weeks. Glutathione S-transferase (GST), an essential detoxification enzyme in parasitic helminths, is a major vaccine target and a drug target against schistosomiasis. Schistosome calcium ion channels are currently the only known target of praziquantel."
DCC0271	Topotecan	CAS:119413-54-6	C23H23N3O5	small molecule	approved	421.4458	For the treatment of advanced ovarian cancer in patients with disease that has recurred or progressed following therapy with platinum-based regimens. Also used as a second-line therapy for treatment-sensitive small cell lung cancer, as well as in combination with cisplatin for the treatment of stage IV-B, recurrent, or persistent cervical cancer not amenable to curative treatment with surgery and/or radiation therapy.	"Topotecan, a semi-synthetic derivative of camptothecin (a plant alkaloid obtained from the <i>Camptotheca acuminata</i> tree), is an anti-tumor drug with topoisomerase I-inhibitory activity similar to irinotecan. DNA topoisomerases are enzymes in the cell nucleus that regulate DNA topology (3-dimensional conformation) and facilitate nuclear processes such as DNA replication, recombination, and repair. During these processes, DNA topoisomerase I creates reversible single-stranded breaks in double-stranded DNA, allowing intact single DNA strands to pass through the break and relieve the topologic constraints inherent in supercoiled DNA. The 3'-DNA terminus of the broken DNA strand binds covalently with the topoisomerase enzyme to form a catalytic intermediate called a cleavable complex. After DNA is sufficiently relaxed and the strand passage reaction is complete, DNA topoisomerase reattaches the broken DNA strands to form the unaltered topoisomers that allow transcription to proceed. Topotecan interferes with the growth of cancer cells, which are eventually destroyed. Since the growth of normal cells can be affected by the medicine, other effects may also occur. Unlike irinotecan, topotecan is found predominantly in the inactive carboxylate form at neutral pH and it is not a prodrug."	Topotecan has the same mechanism of action as irinotecan and is believed to exert its cytotoxic effects during the S-phase of DNA synthesis. Topoisomerase I relieves torsional strain in DNA by inducing reversible single strand breaks. Topotecan binds to the topoisomerase I-DNA complex and prevents religation of these single strand breaks. This ternary complex interferes with the moving replication fork, which leads to the induction of replication arrest and lethal double-stranded breaks in DNA. As mammalian cells cannot efficiently repair these double strand breaks, the formation of this ternary complex eventually leads to apoptosis (programmed cell death).Topotecan mimics a DNA base pair and binds at the site of DNA cleavage by intercalating between the upstream (__¿1) and downstream (+1) base pairs. Intercalation displaces the downstream DNA, thus preventing religation of the cleaved strand. By specifically binding to the enzyme_¿_substrate complex, Topotecan acts as an uncompetitive inhibitor.
DCC0272	Probenecid	CAS:57-66-9	C13H19NO4S	small molecule	approved	285.359	For the reduction of serum uric acid concentrations in chronic gouty arthritis and tophaceous gout in patients with frequent disabling gout attacks. Has also been effectively used to promote uric acid excretion in hyperuricemia secondary to the administration of thiazide and related diuretics.	Probenecid is a uricosuric and renal tubular blocking agent and is used in combination with colchicine to treat chronic gouty arthritis when complicated by frequent, recurrent acute attacks of gout. It inhibits the reabsorption of urate at the proximal convoluted tubule, thus increasing the urinary excretion of uric acid and decreasing serum urate levels. Effective uricosuria reduces the miscible urate pool, retards urate deposition, and promotes resorption of urate deposits. At the proximal and distal tubles, probenecid competitively inhibits the secretion of many weak organic acids including penicillins, most cephalosporins, and some other beta-lactam antibiotics. This results in an increase in the plasma concentrations of acidic drugs eliminated principally by renal secretion, but only a slight increase if the drug is eliminated mainly by filtration. Thus, the drug can be used for therapeutic advantages to increase concentrations of certain beta-lactam antibiotics in the treatment of gonorrhea, neurosyphilis, or pelvic inflammatory disease (PID).	Probenecid inhibits the tubular reabsorption of urate, thus increasing the urinary excretion of uric acid and decreasing serum urate levels. Probenecid may also reduce plasma binding of urate and inhibit renal secretion of uric acid at subtherapeutic concentrations. The mechanism by which probenecid inhibits renal tubular transport is not known, but the drug may inhibit transport enzymes that require a source of high energy phosphate bonds and/or nonspecifically interfere with substrate access to protein receptor sites on the kidney tubules.
DCC0286	Glipizide	CAS:29094-61-9	C21H27N5O4S	small molecule	approved	445.535	For use as an adjunct to diet for the control of hyperglycemia and its associated symptomatology in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM; type II), formerly known as maturity-onset diabetes, after an adequate trial of dietary therapy has proved unsatisfactory.	Glipizide, a second-generation sulfonylurea, is used with diet to lower blood glucose in patients with diabetes mellitus type II. The primary mode of action of glipizide in experimental animals appears to be the stimulation of insulin secretion from the beta cells of pancreatic islet tissue and is thus dependent on functioning beta cells in the pancreatic islets. In humans glipizide appears to lower the blood glucose acutely by stimulating the release of insulin from the pancreas, an effect dependent upon functioning beta cells in the pancreatic islets. In man, stimulation of insulin secretion by glipizide in response to a meal is undoubtedly of major importance. Fasting insulin levels are not elevated even on long-term glipizide administration, but the postprandial insulin response continues to be enhanced after at least 6 months of treatment. Some patients fail to respond initially, or gradually lose their responsiveness to sulfonylurea drugs, including glipizide.	Sulfonylureas likely bind to ATP-sensitive potassium-channel receptors on the pancreatic cell surface, reducing potassium conductance and causing depolarization of the membrane. Depolarization stimulates calcium ion influx through voltage-sensitive calcium channels, raising intracellular concentrations of calcium ions, which induces the secretion, or exocytosis, of insulin.
DCC0287	Promethazine	CAS:60-87-7	C17H20N2S	small molecule	approved	284.419	Promethazine is used to treat allergy symptoms such as itching, runny nose, sneezing, itchy or watery eyes, hives, and itchy skin rashes.	Promethazine, a phenothiazine, is an H1-antagonist with anticholinergic, sedative, and antiemetic effects and some local anesthetic properties. Promethazine is used as an antiemetic or to prevent motion sickness.	Like other H1-antagonists, promethazine competes with free histamine for binding at H1-receptor sites in the GI tract, uterus, large blood vessels, and bronchial muscle. The relief of nausea appears to be related to central anticholinergic actions and may implicate activity on the medullary chemoreceptor trigger zone.
DCC0277	Thalidomide	CAS:50-35-1	C13H10N2O4	small molecule	approved	258.2295	For the acute treatment of the cutaneous manifestations of moderate to severe erythema nodosum leprosum (ENL). Also for use as maintenance therapy for prevention and suppression of the cutaneous manifestations of ENL recurrence.	Thalidomide is an immunomodulatory agent with a spectrum of activity that is not fully characterized. Thalidomide contains both left and right handed isomers in equal amounts: one enantiomer is effective against morning sickness, and the other is teratogenic. The enantiomers are converted to each other in vivo. That is, if a human is given D-thalidomide or L-thalidomide, both isomers can be found in the serum. Hence, administering only one enantiomer will not prevent the teratogenic effect in humans.	In patients with erythema nodosum leprosum (ENL) the mechanism of action is not fully understood. Available data from in vitro studies and preliminary clinical trials suggest that the immunologic effects of this compound can vary substantially under different conditions, but may be related to suppression of excessive tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-a) production and down-modulation of selected cell surface adhesion molecules involved in leukocyte migration. For example, administration of thalidomide has been reported to decrease circulating levels of TNF-a in patients with ENL, however, it has also been shown to increase plasma TNF-a levels in HIV-seropositive patients. As a cancer treatment, the drug may act as a VEGF inhibitor.
DCC0344	Cefepime	CAS:88040-23-7	C19H24N6O5S2	small molecule	approved	480.561	For the treatment of pneumonia (moderate to severe) caused by <i>Streptococcus pneumoniae</i>, including cases associated with concurrent bacteremia, <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i>, <i>Klebsiella pneumoniae</i>, or <i>Enterobacter</i> species. Also for empiric treatment of febrile neutropenic patients and uncomplicated and complicated urinary tract infections (including pyelonephritis) caused by <i>Escherichia coli</i> or <i>Klebsiella pneumoniae</i>, when the infection is severe, or caused by <i>Escherichia coli</i>, <i>Klebsiella pneumoniae</i>, or <i>Proteus mirabilis</i>, when the infection is mild to moderate, including cases associated with concurrent bacteremia with these microorganisms. Also for the treatment of uncomplicated skin and skin structure infections caused by <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i> (methicillin-susceptible strains only) or <i>Streptococcus pyogenes</i> and complicated intra-abdominal infections (used in combination with metronidazole) caused by <i>Escherichia coli</i>, viridans group streptococci, <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i>, <i>Klebsiella pneumoniae</i>, <i>Enterobacter</i> species, or <i>Bacteroides fragilis</i>.	Cefepime is a fourth-generation cephalosporin antibiotic developed in 1994. Cefepime has an extended spectrum of activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, with greater activity against both Gram-negative and Gram-positive organisms than third-generation agents. Cefepime has good activity against important pathogens including Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus, and multiple drug resistant Streptococcus pneumoniae. A particular strength is its activity against Enterobacteriaceae. Whereas other cephalosporins are degraded by many plasmid- and chromosome-mediated beta-lactamases, cefepime is stable and is a front line agent when infection with Enterobacteriaceae is known or suspected	Cephalosporins are bactericidal and have the same mode of action as other beta-lactam antibiotics (such as penicillins). Cephalosporins disrupt the synthesis of the peptidoglycan layer of bacterial cell walls. The peptidoglycan layer is important for cell wall structural integrity, especially in Gram-positive organisms. The final transpeptidation step in the synthesis of the peptidoglycan is facilitated by transpeptidases known as penicillin binding proteins (PBPs).
DCC0345	Gamma Hydroxybutyric Acid	CAS:591-81-1	C4H7O3	small molecule	approved	103.0966	Used as a general anesthetic, to treat conditions such as insomnia, clinical depression, narcolepsy, and alcoholism, and to improve athletic performance.	GHB has at least two distinct binding sites in the central nervous system. GHB is an agonist at the newly-characterized GHB receptor, which is excitatory, and it is a weak agonist at the GABAB receptor, which is inhibitory. GHB is a naturally-occurring substance that acts in a similar fashion to some neurotransmitters in the mammalian brain. GHB is probably synthesized from GABA in GABAergic neurons, and released when the neurons fire.	"GHB reaches much higher concentrations in the brain and activates GABAB receptors, which are primarily responsible for its sedative effects. GHB receptors are densely expressed in many areas of the brain, including the cortex and hippocampus, and these are the receptors that GHB displays the highest affinity for. There has been somewhat limited research into the GHB receptor; however, there is evidence that activation of the GHB receptor in some brain areas results in the release of glutamate, the principal excitatory neurotransmitter.Activation of both the GHB receptor and GABA(B) is responsible for the addictive profile of GHB. GHB's effect on dopamine release is biphasic, low concentrations stimulate dopamine release via the GHB receptor. Higher concentrations inhibit dopamine release via GABA(B) receptors as do other GABA(B) agonists such as baclofen and phenibut. After an initial phase of inhibition, dopamine release is then increased via the GHB receptor. This explains the paradoxical mix of sedative and stimulatory properties of GHB, as well as the so-called rebound effect, experienced by individuals using GHB as a sleeping agent, wherein they awake suddenly after several hours of GHB-induced deep sleep. That is to say that, over time, the concentration of GHB in the system decreases below the threshold for significant GABAB receptor activation and activates predominantly the GHB receptor, leading to wakefulness."
DCC0346	Dihydrocodeine	CAS:125-28-0	C18H23NO3	small molecule	approved	301.3801	Dihydrocodeine is used for the treatment of moderate to severe pain, including post-operative and dental pain, and can be used to treat chronic pain. It is also used to treat breathlessness and coughing. In heroin addicts, dihydrocodeine has been used as a substitute drug, in doses up to 2500mg/day to treat addiction.	Possible opioid related side effects include, but are not limited to, drowsiness, nausea, headache, dry mouth, constipation, difficulty passing urine, and mild euphoria.	Dihydrocodeine is metabolized to dihydromorphine, a highly active metabolite with a high affinity for mu opioid receptors.
DCC0282	Ibuprofen	CAS:15687-27-1	C13H18O2	small molecule	approved	206.2808	For symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. May be used to treat mild to moderate pain and for the management of dysmenorrhea. May be used to reduce fever. Has been used with some success for treating ankylosing spondylitis, gout and psoriatic arthritis. May reduce pain, fever and inflammation of pericarditis. May be used IV with opiates to relieve moderate to severe pain. Ibuprofen lysine may be used IV to treat patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) in premature neonates.	Ibuprofen is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), with analgesic and antipyretic properties. Ibuprofen has pharmacologic actions similar to those of other prototypical NSAIAs, which are  thought to act through inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis.	The exact mechanism of action of ibuprofen is unknown. Ibuprofen is a non-selective inhibitor of cyclooxygenase, an enzyme invovled in prostaglandin synthesis via the arachidonic acid pathway. Its pharmacological effects are believed to be due to inhibition cylooxygenase-2 (COX-2) which decreases the synthesis of  prostaglandins involved in mediating inflammation, pain, fever and swelling. Antipyretic effects may be due to action on the hypothalamus, resulting in an increased peripheral blood flow, vasodilation, and subsequent heat dissipation. Inhibition of COX-1 is thought to cause some of the side effects of ibuprofen including GI ulceration. Ibuprofen is administered as a racemic mixture. The R-enantiomer undergoes extensive interconversion to the S-enantiomer  <i>in vivo</i>. The S-enantiomer is believed to be the more pharmacologically active enantiomer.
DCC0289	Diphenhydramine	CAS:58-73-1	C17H21NO	small molecule	approved	255.3547	"For the treatment of symptoms associated with Vertigo/Meniere's disease, nausea and vomiting, motion sickness and insect bite."	"Diphenhydramine is an antihistamine of the ethanolamine class. Ethanolamine antihistamines have significant antimuscarinic activity and produce marked sedation in most patients. In addition to the usual allergic symptoms, the drug also treats irritant cough and nausea, vomiting, and vertigo associated with motion sickness. It also is used commonly to treat drug-induced extrapyramidal symptoms as well as to treat mild cases of Parkinson's disease. Rather than preventing the release of histamine, as do cromolyn and nedocromil, diphenhydramine competes with free histamine for binding at HA-receptor sites. Diphenhydramine competitively antagonizes the effects of histamine on HA-receptors in the GI tract, uterus, large blood vessels, and bronchial muscle. Ethanolamine derivatives have greater anticholinergic activity than do other antihistamines, which probably accounts for the antidyskinetic action of diphenhydramine. This anticholinergic action appears to be due to a central antimuscarinic effect, which also may be responsible for its antiemetic effects, although the exact mechanism is unknown."	Diphenhydramine competes with free histamine for binding at HA-receptor sites. This antagonizes the effects of histamine on HA-receptors, leading to a reduction of the negative symptoms brought on by histamine HA-receptor binding.
DCC0290	Atorvastatin	CAS:134523-00-5	C33H35FN2O5	small molecule	approved	558.6398	May be used as primary prevention in individuals with multiple risk factors for coronary heart disease (CHD) and as secondary prevention in individuals with CHD to reduce the risk of myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, angina, and revascularization procedures. May be used to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). May be used in the treatment of primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia, homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia, primary dysbetalipoproteinemia, and/or hypertriglyeridemia as an adjunct to dietary therapy to decrease serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), apolipoprotein B (apoB), and triglyceride concentrations, while increasing high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels.	Atorvastatin, a selective, competitive HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor, is used to lower serum total and LDL cholesterol, apoB, and triglyceride levels while increasing HDL cholesterol. High LDL-C, low HDL-C and high TG concentrations in the plasma are associated with increased risk of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease. The total cholesterol to HDL-C ratio is a strong predictor of coronary artery disease and high ratios are associated with higher risk of disease. Increased levels of HDL-C are associated with lower cardiovascular risk. By decreasing LDL-C and TG and increasing HDL-C, atorvastatin reduces the risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Atorvastatin has a unique structure, long half-life, and hepatic selectivity, explaining its greater LDL-lowering potency compared to other HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors.	Atorvastatin selectively and competitively inhibits the hepatic enzyme HMG-CoA reductase. As HMG-CoA reductase is responsible for converting HMG-CoA to mevalonate in the cholesterol biosynthesis pathway, this results in a subsequent decrease in hepatic cholesterol levels. Decreased hepatic cholesterol levels stimulates upregulation of hepatic LDL-C receptors which increases hepatic uptake of LDL-C and reduces serum LDL-C concentrations.
DCC0291	Diphenoxylate	CAS:915-30-0	C30H32N2O2	small molecule	approved	452.5873	For as adjunctive therapy in the management of diarrhea.	Diphenoxylate, an antidiarrheal, is effective as adjunctive therapy in the management of diarrhea. Diphenoxylate is rapidly and extensively metabolized in man by ester hydrolysis to diphenoxylic acid (difenoxine), which is biologically active and the major metabolite in the blood.	Diphenoxylate is an opiate receptor agonists that stimulate mu receptors in GI to decrease the peristalsis and constrict the sphincters. Diphenoxylate has a direct effect on circular smooth muscle of the bowel, that conceivably results in segmentation and prolongation of gastrointestinal transit time. The clinical antidiarrheal action of diphenoxylate may thus be a consequence of enhanced segmentation that allows increased contact of the intraluminal contents with the intestinal mucosa.
DCC0285	Amoxicillin	CAS:26787-78-0	C16H19N3O5S	small molecule	approved	365.404	For the treatment of infections of the ear, nose, and throat, the genitourinary tract, the skin and skin structure, and the lower respiratory tract due to susceptible (only b-lactamase-negative) strains of <i>Streptococcus</i> spp. (a- and b-hemolytic strains only), <i>S. pneumoniae</i>, <i>Staphylococcus</i> spp., <i>H. influenzae</i>, <i>E. coli</i>, <i>P. mirabilis</i>, or <i>E. faecalis</i>. Also for the treatment of acute, uncomplicated gonorrhea (ano-genital and urethral infections) due to <i>N. gonorrhoeae</i> (males and females).	Amoxicillin is a moderate-spectrum antibiotic active against a wide range of Gram-positive, and a limited range of Gram-negative organisms. It is usually the drug of choice within the class because it is better absorbed, following oral administration, than other beta-lactam antibiotics. Amoxicillin is susceptible to degradation by beta-lactamase-producing bacteria, and so may be given with clavulanic acid to increase its susceptability. The incidence of beta-lactamase-producing resistant organisms, including <i>E. coli</i>, appears to be increasing. Amoxicillin is sometimes combined with clavulanic acid, a beta-lactamase inhibitor, to increase the spectrum of action against Gram-negative organisms, and to overcome bacterial antibiotic resistance mediated through beta-lactamase production.	Amoxicillin binds to penicillin-binding protein 1A (PBP-1A) located inside the bacterial cell well. Penicillins acylate the penicillin-sensitive transpeptidase C-terminal domain by opening the lactam ring. This inactivation of the enzyme prevents the formation of a cross-link of two linear peptidoglycan strands, inhibiting the third and last stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis. Cell lysis is then mediated by bacterial cell wall autolytic enzymes such as autolysins; it is possible that amoxicllin interferes with an autolysin inhibitor.
DCC0318	Clarithromycin	CAS:81103-11-9	C38H69NO13	small molecule	approved	747.9534	"An alternative medication for the treatment of acute otitis media caused by <i>H. influenzae, M. catarrhalis, or S. pneumoniae</i> in patients with a history of type I penicillin hypersensitivity. Also for the treatment of pharyngitis and tonsillitis caused by susceptible <i>Streptococcus pyogenes</i>, as well as respiratory tract infections including acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis, mild to moderate community-acquired pneuomia, Legionnaires' disease, and pertussis. Other indications include treatment of uncomplicated skin or skin structure infections, helicobacter pylori infection, duodenal ulcer disease, bartonella infections, early Lyme disease, and encephalitis caused by <i>Toxoplasma gondii</i> (in HIV infected patients in conjunction with pyrimethamine). Clarithromycin may also decrease the incidence of cryptosporidiosis, prevent the occurence of ¿¿-hemolytic (viridans group) streptococcal endocarditis, as well as serve as a primary prevention for <i>Mycobacterium avium</i> complex (MAC) bacteremia or disseminated infections (in adults, adolescents, and children with advanced HIV infection)."	Clarithromycin is a macrolide antibiotic whose spectrum of activity includes many gram-positive (<i>Staphylococcus aureus, S. pneumoniae, and S. pyogenes</i>) and gram-negative aerobic bacteria (<i>Haemophilus influenzae, H. parainfluenzae, and Moraxella catarrhalis</i>), many anaerobic bacteria, some mycobacteria, and some other organisms including <i>Mycoplasma, Ureaplasma, Chlamydia, Toxoplasma</i>, and <i>Borrelia</i>. Other aerobic bacteria that clarithromycin has activity against include <i>C. pneumoniae and M. pneumoniae</i>. Clarithromycin has an in-vitro activity that is similar or greater than that of erythromycin against erythromycin-susceptible organisms. Clarithromycin is usually bacteriostatic, but may be bactericidal depending on the organism and the drug concentration.	Clarithromycin is first metabolized to 14-OH clarithromycin, which is active and works synergistically with its parent compound. Like other macrolides, it then penetrates bacteria cell wall and reversibly binds to domain V of the 23S ribosomal RNA of the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome, blocking translocation of aminoacyl transfer-RNA and polypeptide synthesis. Clarithromycin also inhibits the hepatic microsomal CYP3A4 isoenzyme and P-glycoprotein, an energy-dependent drug efflux pump.
DCC0319	Ceftriaxone	CAS:73384-59-5	C18H18N8O7S3	small molecule	approved	554.58	For the treatment of the infections (respiratory, skin, soft tissue, UTI, ENT) caused by S. pneumoniae, H. influenzae, staphylococci, S. pyogenes (group A beta-hemolytic streptococci), E. coli, P. mirabilis, Klebsiella sp, coagulase-negative staph	Ceftriaxone is a cephalosporin/cephamycin beta-lactam antibiotic used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually gram-positive, organisms. Ceftriaxone has <i>in vitro</i> activity against gram-positive and gram-negative aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The bactericidal activity of Ceftriaxone results from the inhibition of cell wall synthesis and is mediated through Ceftriaxone binding to penicillin binding proteins (PBPs). Ceftriaxone is stable against hydrolysis by a variety of beta-lactamases, including penicillinases, and cephalosporinases and extended spectrum beta-lactamases.	Ceftriaxone works by inhibiting the mucopeptide synthesis in the bacterial cell wall. The beta-lactam moiety of Ceftriaxone binds to carboxypeptidases, endopeptidases, and transpeptidases in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. These enzymes are involved in cell-wall synthesis and cell division. By binding to these enzymes, Ceftriaxone results in the formation of of defective cell walls and cell death.
DCC0288	Fludarabine	CAS:75607-67-9	C10H13FN5O7P	small molecule	approved	365.2117	For the treatment of adult patients with B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) who have not responded to or whose disease has progressed during treatment with at least one standard alkylating-agent containing regimen	Fludarabine is a chemotherapy drug used in the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia. It acts at DNA polymerase alpha, ribonucleotide reductase and DNA primase, results in the inhibition of DNA synthesis, and destroys the cancer cells.	Fludarabine phosphate is rapidly dephosphorylated to 2-fluoro-ara-A and then phosphorylated intracellularly by deoxycytidine kinase to the active triphosphate, 2-fluoro-ara-ATP. This metabolite appears to act by inhibiting DNA polymerase alpha, ribonucleotide reductase and DNA primase, thus inhibiting DNA synthesis. The mechanism of action of this antimetabolite is not completely characterized and may be multi-faceted.
DCC0347	Methamphetamine	CAS:537-46-2	C10H15N	small molecule	approved	149.2328	For the treatment of Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity (ADHD) and exogenous obesity.	Methamphetamine is a potent central nervous system stimulant which affects neurochemical mechanisms responsible for regulating heart rate, body temperature, blood pressure, appetite, attention, mood and responses associated with alertness or alarm conditions. The acute effects of the drug closely resemble the physiological and psychological effects of an epinephrine-provoked fight-or-flight response, including increased heart rate and blood pressure, vasoconstriction (constriction of the arterial walls), bronchodilation, and hyperglycemia (increased blood sugar). Users experience an increase in focus, increased mental alertness, and the elimination of fatigue, as well as a decrease in appetite.	Methamphetamine enters the brain and triggers a cascading release of norepinephrine, dopamine and serotonin. To a lesser extent methamphetamine acts as a dopaminergic and adrenergic reuptake inhibitor and in high concentrations as a monamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI). The mechanism of action involved in producing the beneficial behavioral changes seen in hyperkinetic children receiving methamphetamine is unknown.
DCC0348	Everolimus	CAS:159351-69-6	C53H83NO14	small molecule	approved	958.2244	It is currently used as an immunosuppressant to prevent rejection of organ transplants and treatment of renal cell cancer and other tumours. Much research has also been conducted on everolimus and other mTOR inhibitors for use in a number of cancers.	Everolimus is a derivative of Rapamycin (sirolimus), and works similarly to Rapamycin as an mTOR (mammalian target of rapamycin) inhibitor. It is currently used as an immunosuppressant to prevent rejection of organ transplants. In a similar fashion to other mTOR inhibitors Everolimus’ effect is solely on the mTORC1 protein and not on the mTORC2 protein.	Everolimus is a mTOR inhibitor that binds with high affinity to the FK506 binding protein-12 (FKBP-12), thereby forming a drug complex that inhibits the activation of mTOR. This inhibition reduces the activity of effectors downstream, which leads to a blockage in the progression of cells from G1 into S phase, and subsequently inducing cell growth arrest and apoptosis. Everolimus also inhibits the expression of hypoxia-inducible factor, leading to a decrease in the expression of vascular endothelial growth factor. The result of everolimus inhibition of mTOR is a reduction in cell proliferation, angiogenesis, and glucose uptake.
DCC0349	Cilastatin	CAS:82009-34-5	C16H26N2O5S	small molecule	approved	358.453	Combined intravenously with imipenem in order to protect it from dehydropeptidase and prolong its antibacterial effect.	Cilastatin is a chemical compound which inhibits the human enzyme dehydropeptidase. Dehydropeptidase is found in the kidney and is responsible for degrading the antibiotic imipenem. Cilastatin is therefore combined intravenously with imipenem in order to protect it from dehydropeptidase and prolong its antibacterial effect. However, cilastatin in and of itself does not have any antibacterial activity.	Cilastatin is a specific and reversible renal dehydropeptidase-I inhibitor. Since the antibiotic, imipenem, is hydrolyzed by dehydropeptidase-I, which resides in the brush border of the renal tubule, cilastatin is administered with imipenem to block the metabolism and thus the inactivation of imipenem so that antibacterial levels of imipenem can be attained in the urine. The drug also prevents the metabolism of leukotriene D4 to leukotriene E4 through the inhibition of leukotriene D4 dipeptidase.
DCC0350	Imipenem	CAS:74431-23-5	C12H17N3O4S	small molecule	approved	299.346	For the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible bacteria.	Imipenem is a beta-lactam antibiotic belongings to the subgroup of carbapenems. Imipenem has a broad spectrum of activity against aerobic and anaerobic Gram positive as well as Gram negative bacteria. It is particularly important for its activity against <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i> and the <i>Enterococcus</i> species. Imipenem is rapidly degraded by the renal enzyme dehydropeptidase when administered alone, and is always co-administered with cilastatin to prevent this inactivation.	Imipenem acts as an antimicrobial through the inhibition of cell wall synthesis of various gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. This inhibition of cell wall synthesis in gram-negative bateria is attained by binding to pencillin binding proteins (PBPs). In E. coli and selected strains of P. aeruginosa, imipenem has shown to have the highest affinity to PBP-2, PBP-1a, and PBP-1b. This preferential binding to PBP-2 and PBP-1b results in the direct conversion of the individual cell to a spheroblast, which leads to rapid cell lysis and death without filament formation.
DCC0351	Lopinavir	CAS:192725-17-0	C37H48N4O5	small molecule	approved	628.8008	Indicated in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV-infection.	Lopinavir is an antiretroviral of the protease inhibitor class. Inhibiting HIV-1 protease (responsible for protein cleavage), results in selectively inhibiting the cleavage of HIV gag and gag-pol polyproteins, thereby preventing viral maturation.	Lopinavir inhibits the HIV viral protease enzyme. This prevents cleavage of the gag-pol polyprotein and, therefore, improper viral assembly results. This subsequently results in non-infectious, immature viral particles.
DCC0294	Rosuvastatin	CAS:287714-41-4	C22H28FN3O6S	small molecule	approved	481.538	Used as an adjunct to dietary therapy to treat primary hyperlipidemia (heterozygous familial and nonfamilial), mixed dyslipidemia and hypertriglyceridemia. Also indicated for homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia as an adjunct to other lipid-lowering therapies or when other such therapies are not available. Furthermore, it is used to slow the progression of atherosclerosis and for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease.	Rosuvastatin is a synthetic, enantiomerically pure antilipemic agent. It is used to lower total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), apolipoprotein B (apoB), non-high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (non-HDL-C), and trigleride (TG) plasma concentrations while increasing HDL-C concentrations. High LDL-C, low HDL-C and high TG concentrations in the plasma are associated with increased risk of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease. The total cholesterol to HDL-C ratio is a strong predictor of coronary artery disease and high ratios are associated with higher risk of disease. Increased levels of HDL-C are associated with lower cardiovascular risk. By decreasing LDL-C and TG and increasing HDL-C, rosuvastatin reduces the risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.	Rosuvastatin is a competitive inhibitor of HMG-CoA reductase. HMG-CoA reductase catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, an early rate-limiting step in cholesterol biosynthesis. Rosuvastatin acts primarily in the liver. Decreased hepatic cholesterol concentrations stimulate the upregulation of hepatic low density lipoprotein (LDL) receptors which increases hepatic uptake of LDL. Rosuvastatin also inhibits hepatic synthesis of very low density lipoprotein (VLDL). The overall effect is a decrease in plasma LDL and VLDL. In vitro and in vivo animal studies also demonstrate that rosuvastatin exerts vasculoprotective effects independent of its lipid-lowering properties. Rosuvastatin exerts an anti-inflammatory effect on rat mesenteric microvascular endothelium by attenuating leukocyte rolling, adherence and transmigration. The drug also modulates nitric oxide synthase (NOS) expression and reduces ischemic-reperfusion injuries in rat hearts. Rosuvastatin increases the bioavailability of nitric oxide by upregulating NOS and by increasing the stability of NOS through post-transcriptional polyadenylation. It is unclear as to how rosuvastatin brings about these effects though they may be due to decreased concentrations of mevalonic acid.
DCC0292	Streptomycin	CAS:57-92-1	C21H39N7O12	small molecule	approved	581.5741	For the treatment of tuberculosis. May also be used in combination with other drugs to treat tularemia (Francisella tularensis), plague (Yersia pestis), severe M. avium complex, brucellosis, and enterococcal endocarditis (e.g. E. faecalis, E. faecium).	Streptomycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic. Aminoglycosides work by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of t-RNA, leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth. Aminoglycosides are useful primarily in infections involving aerobic, Gram-negative bacteria, such as Pseudomonas, Acinetobacter, and Enterobacter. In addition, some mycobacteria, including the bacteria that cause tuberculosis, are susceptible to aminoglycosides. Infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria can also be treated with aminoglycosides, but other types of antibiotics are more potent and less damaging to the host. In the past the aminoglycosides have been used in conjunction with penicillin-related antibiotics in streptococcal infections for their synergistic effects, particularly in endocarditis. Aminoglycosides are mostly ineffective against anaerobic bacteria, fungi and viruses.	Aminoglycosides like Streptomycin irreversibly bind to specific 30S-subunit proteins and 16S rRNA. Specifically Streptomycin binds to four nucleotides of 16S rRNA and a single amino acid of protein S12. This interferes with decoding site in the vicinity of nucleotide 1400 in 16S rRNA of 30S subunit. This region interacts with the wobble base in the anticodon of tRNA. This leads to interference with the initiation complex, misreading of mRNA so incorrect amino acids are inserted into the polypeptide leading to nonfunctional or toxic peptides and the breakup of polysomes into nonfunctional monosomes.
DCC0293	Iloprost	CAS:78919-13-8	C30H38O5	small molecule	approved	478.6197	"It is indicated for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) (WHO Group 1) to improve a composite endpoint consisting of exercise tolerance, symptoms (NYHA Class), and lack of deterioration. "	Iloprost is a synthetic analogue of prostacyclin PGI2. Iloprost dilates systemic and pulmonary arterial vascular beds. It also affects platelet aggregation but the relevance of this effect to the treatment of pulmonary hypertension is unknown. The two diastereoisomers of iloprost differ in their potency in dilating blood vessels, with the 4S isomer substantially more potent than the 4R isomer.	Iloprost is a second generation structural analog of prostacyclin (PGI) with about ten-fold greater potency than the first generation stable analogs, such as carbaprostacyclin. Iloprost binds with equal affinity to human prostacyclin (Prostanoid IP) and prostaglandin EP1 receptors. Iloprost constricts the ilium and fundus circular smooth muscle as strongly as prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) itself. Iloprost inhibits the ADP, thrombin, and collagen-induced aggregation of human platelets. In whole animals, iloprost acts as a vasodilator, hypotensive, antidiuretic, and prolongs bleeding time. All of these properties help to antagonize the pathological changes that take place in the small pulmonary arteries of patients with pulmonary hypertension.
DCC0320	Ketamine	CAS:6740-88-1	C13H16ClNO	small molecule	approved	237.725	For use as the sole anesthetic agent for diagnostic and surgical procedures that do not require skeletal muscle relaxation.	Ketamine is a rapid-acting general anesthetic producing an anesthetic state characterized by profound analgesia, normal pharyngeal-laryngeal reflexes, normal or slightly enhanced skeletal muscle tone, cardiovascular and respiratory stimulation, and occasionally a transient and minimal respiratory depression. Ketamine is indicated as the sole anesthetic agent for diagnostic and surgical procedures that do not require skeletal muscle relaxation. The anesthetic state produced by Ketamine has been termed &ldquo;dissociative anesthesia&rdquo; in that it appears to selectively interrupt association pathways of the brain before producing somesthetic sensory blockade. It may selectively depress the thalamoneocortical system before significantly obtunding the more ancient cerebral centers and pathways (reticularactivating and limbic systems).	Ketamine has several clinically useful properties, including analgesia and less cardiorespiratory depressant effects than other anaesthetic agents, it also causes some stimulation of the cardiocascular system. Ketamine has been reported to produce general as well as local anaesthesia. It interacts with N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors, opioid receptors, monoaminergic receptors, muscarinic receptors and voltage sensitive Ca ion channels. Unlike other general anaesthetic agents, ketamine does not interact with GABA receptors.
DCC0321	Budesonide	CAS:51333-22-3	C25H34O6	small molecule	approved	430.5339	"The oral capsule is used for the treatment of mild to moderate active Crohn's disease. The oral tablet is used for induction of remission in patients with active, mild to moderate ulcerative colitis. The oral inhalation formulation is used for the treatment of asthma, non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis."	Budesonide has a high glucocorticoid effect and a weak mineralocorticoid effect. It binds to the glucocorticoid receptor with a higher binding affinity than cortisol and prednisolone. When budesonide is systemically administered, suppression of endogenous cortisol concentrations and an impairment of the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis function has been observed. Furthermore, a decrease in airway reactivity to histamine and other entities has been observed with the inhaled formulation. Generally, the inhaled formulation has a rapid onset action and improvement in asthma control can occur within 24 hours of initiation of treatment.	"Budesonide is an anti-inflammatory corticosteroid that exhibits potent glucocorticoid activity and weak mineralocorticoid activity. The precise mechanism of corticosteroid actions on inflammation in asthma, Crohn's disease, or ulcerative colitis is not known. Inflammation is an important component in the pathogenesis of asthma. Corticosteroids have been shown to have a wide range of inhibitory activities against multiple cell types (eg, mast cells, eosinophils, neutrophils, macrophages, and lymphocytes) and mediators (eg, histamine, eicosanoids, leukotrienes, and cytokines) involved in allergic and non-allergic-mediated inflammation. These anti-inflammatory actions of corticosteroids may contribute to their efficacy in the aforementioned diseases. Because budesonide undergoes significant first-pass elimination, the both oral preparations are formulated as an extended release tablet. As a result, budesonide release is delyaed until exposure to a pH > 7 in the small intestine."
DCC0322	Aminophylline	CAS:317-34-0	C16H24N10O4	small molecule	approved	420.4264	Treating active symptoms and blockage of airway due to asthma or other lung diseases such as emphysema or bronchitis. It is used in combination with other medicines.	Aminophylline is the ethylenediamine salt of theophylline. Theophylline stimulates the CNS, skeletal muscles, and cardiac muscle. It relaxes certain smooth muscles in the bronchi, produces diuresis, and causes an increase in gastric secretion.	Aminophylline is the ethylenediamine salt of theophylline. After ingestion, theophylline is released from aminophylline, and theophylline relaxes the smooth muscle of the bronchial airways and pulmonary blood vessels and reduces airway responsiveness to histamine, methacholine, adenosine, and allergen. Theophylline competitively inhibits type III and type IV phosphodiesterase (PDE), the enzyme responsible for breaking down cyclic AMP in smooth muscle cells, possibly resulting in bronchodilation. Theophylline also binds to the adenosine A2B receptor and blocks adenosine mediated bronchoconstriction. In inflammatory states, theophylline activates histone deacetylase to prevent transcription of inflammatory genes that require the acetylation of histones for transcription to begin.
DCC0323	Paclitaxel	CAS:33069-62-4	C47H51NO14	small molecule	approved	853.9061	"Used in the treatment of Kaposi's sarcoma and cancer of the lung, ovarian, and breast. Abraxane is specfically indicated for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer and locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer."	Paclitaxel is a taxoid antineoplastic agent indicated as first-line and subsequent therapy for the treatment of advanced carcinoma of the ovary, and other various cancers including breast cancer. Paclitaxel is a novel antimicrotubule agent that promotes the assembly of microtubules from tubulin dimers and stabilizes microtubules by preventing depolymerization. This stability results in the inhibition of the normal dynamic reorganization of the microtubule network that is essential for vital interphase and mitotic cellular functions. In addition, paclitaxel induces abnormal arrays or bundles of microtubules throughout the cell cycle and multiple asters of microtubules during mitosis.	"Paclitaxel interferes with the normal function of microtubule growth. Whereas drugs like colchicine cause the depolymerization of microtubules in vivo, paclitaxel arrests their function by having the opposite effect; it hyper-stabilizes their structure. This destroys the cell's ability to use its cytoskeleton in a flexible manner. Specifically, paclitaxel binds to the beta subunit of tubulin. Tubulin is the building block of mictotubules, and the binding of paclitaxel locks these building blocks in place. The resulting microtubule/paclitaxel complex does not have the ability to disassemble. This adversely affects cell function because the shortening and lengthening of microtubules (termed dynamic instability) is necessary for their function as a transportation highway for the cell. Chromosomes, for example, rely upon this property of microtubules during mitosis. Further research has indicated that paclitaxel induces programmed cell death (apoptosis) in cancer cells by binding to an apoptosis stopping protein called Bcl-2 (B-cell leukemia 2) and thus arresting its function."
DCC0354	Pheniramine	CAS:86-21-5	C16H20N2	small molecule	approved	240.3434	Pheniramine is an antihistamine used to treat allergic conditions such as hay fever or urticaria.	Pheniramine is an antihistamine used to treat allergic conditions such as hay fever or urticaria. It is generally sold in combination with other medications, rather than as a stand-alone drug. Allergies are caused by an excessive type 1 hypersensitivity response of the body to allergens, mediated by inappropriate histamine signalling. By inhibiting the binding of histamine, antihistamines decrease the normal histamine response from cells, consequently decreasing allergic symptoms.	Antihistamines such as pheniramine appear to compete with histamine for histamine H1- receptor sites on effector cells. The antihistamines antagonize those pharmacological effects of histamine which are mediated through activation of H1- receptor sites and thereby reduce the intensity of allergic reactions and tissue injury response involving histamine release. Antihistamines suppress the histamine-induced wheal (swelling) and flare (vasodilation) response by blocking the binding of histamine to its receptors on nerves, vascular smooth muscle, glandular cells, endothelium, and mast cells. They effectively exert competitive antagonism of histamine for H1-receptors.
DCC0355	Genistein	CAS:446-72-0	C15H10O5	small molecule	investigational	270.2369	Currently Genistein is being studied in clinical trials as a treatment for prostate cancer.	Genistein is a phytoestrogen and belongs to the category of isoflavones.	Genistein may inhibit cancer cell growth by blocking enzymes required for cell growth. Genistein may decrease cardiovascular risk in postmenopausal women by interacting with the nuclear estrogen receptors to alter the transcription of cell specific genes. In randomized clinical trials, genistein was seen to increase the ratio of nitric oxide to endothelin and improved flow-mediated endothelium dependent vasodilation in healthy postmenopausal women. In addition, genistein may have beneficial effects on glucose metabolism by inhibiting islet tyrosine kinase activity as well as insulin release dependent on glucose and sulfonylurea.
DCC0357	LG100268	CAS:153559-76-3	C24H29NO2	small molecule	experimental	363.4926	LG 100268 is a potent RXR agonist for evaluation in the treatment of non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes mellitus	LG100268 increased serum alkaline phosphatase and liver mass, hepatic fat accumulation, lauric acid hydroxylase activity, catalase-immunostaining and peroxisomal number more than the PPARgamma agonists.	" LG100268 increased serum alkaline phosphatase and liver mass, hepatic fat accumulation, lauric acid hydroxylase activity, catalase-immunostaining and peroxisomal number more than the PPARgamma agonists."
DCC0358	Calcipotriol	CAS:112965-21-6	C27H40O3	small molecule	approved	412.6047	For the treatment of moderate plaque psoriasis in adults.	Calcipotriene is a synthetic analog of vitamin D. In humans, the natural supply of vitamin D depends mainly on exposure to the ultraviolet rays of the sun for conversion of 7-dehydrocholesterol to vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) in the skin.	The precise mechanism of calcipotriol in remitting psoriasis is not well-understood. However, it has been shown to have comparable affinity with calcitriol for the Vitamin D receptor, while being less than 1% as active as the calcitriol in regulating calcium metabolism. The Vitamin D receptor (VDR) belongs to the steroid/thyroid receptor superfamily, and is found on the cells of many different tissues including the thyroid, bone, kindney, and T cells of the immune system. T cells are known to play a role in psoriasis, and it is thought that the binding of calcipotriol to the VDR modulates the T cells gene transcription of cell differentiation and proliferation related genes.
DCC0352	Tazobactam	CAS:89786-04-9	C10H12N4O5S	small molecule	approved	300.291	Used in combination with piperacillin to broaden the spectrum of piperacillin antibacterial action.	Tazobactam is a compound which inhibits the action of bacterial beta-lactamases. It is added to the extended spectrum beta-lactam antibiotic piperacillin.	Tazobactam broadens the spectrum of piperacillin by making it effective against organisms that express beta-lactamase and would normally degrade piperacillin.
DCC0353	Ticarcillin	CAS:34787-01-4	C15H16N2O6S2	small molecule	approved	384.427	Imipenem combined with cilastatin is used to treat severe infections of the lower respiratory tract, skin, stomach, female reproductive organs, and other body systems.	Ticarcillin is a semisynthetic antibiotic with a broad spectrum of bactericidal activity against many gram-positive and gram-negative aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. Ticarcillin is, however, susceptible to degradation by beta-lactamases, and therefore, the spectrum of activity does not normally include organisms which produce these enzymes.	"Ticarcillin's antibiotic properties arise from its ability to prevent cross-linking of peptidoglycan during cell wall synthesis when the bacteria tries to divide, causing death."
DCC0360	"2'-Deoxyinosine"	CAS:890-38-0	C10H14N4O10P2	small molecule	experimental	412.1865	It is tested for treating cancer with other drugs.	This compound belongs to the purine ribonucleoside diphosphates. These are purine ribobucleotides with diphosphate group linked to the ribose moiety.	"2'-Deoxyinosine triphosphate (dITP) is a deoxyribonucleotide that may be generated from dATP by slow, non-enzymatic hydrolysis or by reduction of ITP."
DCC0361	Vorinostat	CAS:149647-78-9	C14H20N2O3	small molecule	approved	264.3202	For the treatment of cutaneous manifestations in patients with cutaneous T-cell lymphoma who have progressive, persistent or recurrent disease on or following two systemic therapies.	Vorinostat (rINN) or suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid (SAHA), is a drug currently under investigation for the treatment of cutaneous T cell lymphoma (CTCL), a type of skin cancer, to be used when the disease persists, gets worse, or comes back during or after treatment with other medicines. It is the first in a new class of agents known as histone deacetylase inhibitors.	Vorinostat inhibits the enzymatic activity of histone deacetylases HDAC1, HDAC2 and HDAC3 (Class I) and HDAC6 (Class II) at nanomolar concentrations (IC<sub>50</sub>&lt; 86 nM). These enzymes catalyze the removal of acetyl groups from the lysine residues of histones proteins. In some cancer cells, there is an overexpression of HDACs, or an aberrant recruitment of HDACs to oncogenic transcription factors causing hypoacetylation of core nucleosomal histones. By inhibiting histone deacetylase, vorinostat causes the accumulation of acetylated histones and induces cell cycle arrest and/or apoptosis of some transformed cells. The mechanism of the antineoplastic effect of vorinostat has not been fully characterized.
DCC0363	17-DMAG	CAS:467214-21-7	C32H48N4O8	small molecule	experimental	616.7455	Tested in acute myeloid leukemia, breast cancer and other advanced solid tumours.	17-Dimethylaminoethylamino-17-demethoxygeldanamycin (17-DMAG) is a chemical compound which is a semi-synthetic derivative of the antibiotic geldanamycin. It is being studied for the possibility of treating cancer.	17-DMAG is a potent, water-soluble HSP90 inhibitor, and HSP90 client proteins play important roles in the regulation of the cell cycle, cell growth, cell survival, apoptosis, angiogenesis and oncogenesis.
DCC0295	Capecitabine	CAS:154361-50-9	C15H22FN3O6	small molecule	approved	359.3501	For the treatment of patients with metastatic breast cancer resistant to both paclitaxel and an anthracycline-containing chemotherapy regimen. May also be used in combination with docetaxel for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer in patients who have failed to respond to, or recurred or relasped during or following anthracycline-containing chemotherapy. Capecitabine is used alone as an adjuvant therapy following the complete resection of primary tumor in patients with stage III colon cancer when monotherapy with fluroprymidine is preferred. The use or capecitabine in combination regimens for advanced gastric cancer is currently being investigated.	"Capecitabine is a fluoropyrimidine carbamate with antineoplastic activity indicated for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer and colon cancer. It is an orally administered systemic prodrug that has little pharmacologic activity until it is converted to fluorouracil by enzymes that are expressed in higher concentrations in many tumors. Fluorouracil it then metabolized both normal and tumor cells to 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine 5'-monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5-fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP)."	"Capecitabine is a prodrug that is selectively tumour-activated to its cytotoxic moiety, fluorouracil, by thymidine phosphorylase, an enzyme found in higher concentrations in many tumors compared to normal tissues or plasma. Fluorouracil is further metabolized to two active metabolites, 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine 5'-monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5-fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP), within normal and tumour cells. These metabolites cause cell injury by two different mechanisms. First, FdUMP and the folate cofactor, N5-10-methylenetetrahydrofolate, bind to thymidylate synthase (TS) to form a covalently bound ternary complex. This binding inhibits the formation of thymidylate from 2'-deaxyuridylate. Thymidylate is the necessary precursor of thymidine triphosphate, which is essential for the synthesis of DNA, therefore a deficiency of this compound can inhibit cell division. Secondly, nuclear transcriptional enzymes can mistakenly incorporate FUTP in place of uridine triphosphate (UTP) during the synthesis of RNA. This metabolic error can interfere with RNA processing and protein synthesis through the production of fraudulent RNA."
DCC0296	Heparin	CAS:9005-49-6	(C26H40N2O36S5)n	small molecule	approved	null	Unfractionated heparin is indicated for prophylaxis and treatment of venous thrombosis and its extension, prevention of post-operative deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism and prevention of clotting in arterial and cardiac surgery. In cardiology, it is used to prevent embolisms in patients with atrial fibrillation and as an adjunct antithrombin therapy in patients with unstable angina and/or non-Q wave myocardial infarctions (i.e. non-ST elevated acute coronary artery syndrome) who are on platelet glycoprotein (IIb/IIIa) receptor inhibitors. Additionally, it is used to prevent clotting during dialysis and surgical procedures, maintain the patency of intravenous injection devices and prevent in vitro coagulation of blood transfusions and in blood samples drawn for laboratory values.	Unfractionated heparin is a highly acidic mucopolysaccharide formed of equal parts of sulfated D-glucosamine and D-glucuronic acid with sulfaminic bridges. The molecular weight ranges from 3000 to 30,000 daltons. Heparin is obtained from liver, lung, mast cells, and other cells of vertebrates. Heparin is a well-known and commonly used anticoagulant which has antithrombotic properties. Heparin inhibits reactions that lead to the clotting of blood and the formation of fibrin clots both in vitro and in vivo. Small amounts of heparin in combination with antithrombin III, a heparin cofactor,) can inhibit thrombosis by inactivating Factor Xa and thrombin. Once active thrombosis has developed, larger amounts of heparin can inhibit further coagulation by inactivating thrombin and preventing the conversion of fibrinogen to fibrin. Heparin also prevents the formation of a stable fibrin clot by inhibiting the activation of the fibrin stabilizing factor. Heparin prolongs several coagulation tests. Of all the coagulation tests, activated partial prothrombin time (aPTT) is the most clinically important value.	Under normal circumstances, antithrombin III (ATIII) inactivates thrombin (factor IIa) and factor Xa. This process occurs at a slow rate. Administered heparin binds reversibly to ATIII and leads to almost instantaneous inactivation of factors IIa and Xa The heparin-ATIII complex can also inactivate factors IX, XI, XII and plasmin. The mechanism of action of heparin is ATIII-dependent. It acts mainly by accelerating the rate of the neutralization of certain activated coagulation factors by antithrombin, but other mechanisms may also be involved. The antithrombotic effect of heparin is well correlated to the inhibition of factor Xa. Heparin is not a thrombolytic or fibrinolytic. It prevents progression of existing clots by inhibiting further clotting. The lysis of existing clots relies on endogenous thrombolytics.
DCC0297	Miconazole	CAS:22916-47-8	C18H14Cl4N2O	small molecule	approved	416.129	For topical application in the treatment of tinea pedis (athlete&rsquo;s foot), tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by <i>Trichophyton rubrum</i>, <i>Trichophyton mentagrophytes</i>, and <i>Epidermophyton floccosum</i>, in the treatment of cutaneous candidiasis (moniliasis), and in the treatment of tinea versicolor.	Miconazole is an anti-fungal medication related to fluconazole (Diflucan), ketoconazole (Nizoral), itraconazole (Sporanox), and clotrimazole (Lotrimin, Mycelex). It is used either on the skin or in the vagina for fungal infections. Miconazole was approved by the FDA in 1974. Miconazole prevents fungal organisms from producing vital substances required for growth and function. This medication is effective only for infections caused by fungal organisms. It will not work for bacterial or viral infections.	Miconazole interacts with 14-alpha demethylase, a cytochrome P-450 enzyme necessary to convert lanosterol to ergosterol. As ergosterol is an essential component of the fungal cell membrane, inhibition of its synthesis results in increased cellular permeability causing leakage of cellular contents. Miconazole may also inhibit endogenous respiration, interact with membrane phospholipids, inhibit the transformation of yeasts to mycelial forms, inhibit purine uptake, and impair triglyceride and/or phospholipid biosynthesis.
DCC0324	Saquinavir	CAS:127779-20-8	C38H50N6O5	small molecule	approved	670.8408	For the treatment of HIV-1 with advanced immunodeficiency together with antiretroviral nucleoside analogues.	Saquinavir is a protease inhibitor with activity against Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1). Protease inhibitors block the part of HIV called protease. HIV-1 protease is an enzyme required for the proteolytic cleavage of the viral polyprotein precursors into the individual functional proteins found in infectious HIV-1. Saquinavir binds to the protease active site and inhibits the activity of the enzyme. This inhibition prevents cleavage of the viral polyproteins resulting in the formation of immature non-infectious viral particles. Protease inhibitors are almost always used in combination with at least two other anti-HIV drugs.	Saquinavir inhibits the HIV viral proteinase enzyme which prevents cleavage of the gag-pol polyprotein, resulting in noninfectious, immature viral particles.
DCC0325	Dexamethasone	CAS:50-02-2	C22H29FO5	small molecule	approved	392.4611	For the treatment of endocrine disorders, rheumatic D=disorders, collagen diseases, dermatologic diseases, allergic statesc, ophthalmic diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, cerebral edema.<br><B>Ophthalmic ointment and solution:</B> for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe.<br><B>Ophthalmic solution only:</B> for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the external auditory meatus<br><B>Topic cream:</B> for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses<br><B>Oral aerosol:</B> for the treatment of bronchial asthma and related corticosteroid responsive bronchospastic states intractable to adequate trial of conventional therapy<br><B>Intranasal aerosol:</B> for the treatment of allergic ot inflammatory nasal conditions, and nasal polyps	Dexamethasone and its derivatives, dexamethasone sodium phosphate and dexamethasone acetate, are synthetic glucocorticoids. Used for its antiinflammatory or immunosuppressive properties and ability to penetrate the CNS, dexamethasone is used alone to manage cerebral edema and with tobramycin to treat corticosteroid-responsive inflammatory ocular conditions.	Dexamethasone is a glucocorticoid agonist. Unbound dexamethasone crosses cell membranes and binds with high affinity to specific cytoplasmic glucocorticoid receptors. This complex binds to DNA elements (glucocorticoid response elements) which results in a modification of transcription and, hence, protein synthesis in order to achieve inhibition of leukocyte infiltration at the site of inflammation, interference in the function of mediators of inflammatory response, suppression of humoral immune responses, and reduction in edema or scar tissue. The antiinflammatory actions of dexamethasone are thought to involve phospholipase A<sub>2</sub> inhibitory proteins, lipocortins, which control the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes.
DCC0326	Levodopa	CAS:59-92-7	C9H11NO4	small molecule	approved	197.1879	"For the treatment of idiopathic Parkinson's disease (Paralysis Agitans), postencephalitic parkinsonism, symptomatic parkinsonism which may follow injury to the nervous system by carbon monoxide intoxication, and manganese intoxication."	"Levodopa (L-dopa) is used to replace dopamine lost in Parkinson's disease because dopamine itself cannot cross the blood-brain barrier where its precursor can. However, L-DOPA is converted to dopamine in the periphery as well as in the CNS, so it is administered with a peripheral DDC (dopamine decarboxylase) inhibitor such as carbidopa, without which 90% is metabolised in the gut wall, and with a COMT inhibitor if possible; this prevents about a 5% loss. The form given therapeutically is therefore a prodrug which avoids decarboxylation in the stomach and periphery, can cross the blood-brain barrier, and once in the brain is converted to the neurotransmitter dopamine by the enzyme aromatic-L-amino-acid decarboxylase."	"Striatal dopamine levels in symptomatic Parkinson's disease are decreased by 60 to 80%, striatal dopaminergic neurotransmission may be enhanced by exogenous supplementation of dopamine through administration of dopamine's precursor, levodopa. A small percentage of each levodopa dose crosses the blood-brain barrier and is decarboxylated to dopamine. This newly formed dopamine then is available to stimulate dopaminergic receptors, thus compensating for the depleted supply of endogenous dopamine."
DCC0327	Sevoflurane	CAS:28523-86-6	C4H3F7O	small molecule	approved	200.0548	Used for induction and maintenance of general anesthesia in adult and pediatric patients for inpatient and outpatient surgery.	Sevoflurane (also called fluoromethyl) is a halogenated ether used for induction and maintenance of general anesthesia. Together with desflurane, it is replacing isoflurane and halothane in modern anesthesiology. It is often administered in nitrous oxide and pure oxygen. After desflurane it is the volatile anesthetic with the fastest onset and offset. It induces muscle relaxation and reduces pains sensitivity by altering tissue excitability. It does so by decreasing the extent of gap junction mediated cell-cell coupling and altering the activity of the channels that underlie the action potential.	Sevoflurane induces a reduction in junctional conductance by decreasing gap junction channel opening times and increasing gap junction channel closing times. Sevoflurane also activates calcium dependent ATPase in the sarcoplasmic reticulum by increasing the fluidity of the lipid membrane. It also appears to bind the D subunit of ATP synthase and NADH dehydogenase and also binds to the GABA receptor, the large conductance Ca<sup>2+</sup> activated potassium channel, the glutamate receptor, and the glycine receptor.
DCC0366	Eucalyptol	CAS:470-82-6	C10H18O	small molecule	approved	154.2493	Eucalyptol is an ingredient in many brands of mouthwash and cough suppressant, as well as an inactive ingredient in body powder.	Eucalyptol is an effective treatment for nonpurulent rhinosinusitis. Eucalyptol reduces inflammation and pain when applied topically. It kills leukaemia cells in vitro.	null
DCC0367	Fenretinide	CAS:65646-68-6	C26H33NO2	samll molecule	investigational	391.55	"With potential antineoplastic and chemopreventive activities under investigation include or have included ovarian, prostate, cervical, lung, renal, bladder, breast, glioma, skin, head and neck carcinoma, non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, neuroblastoma, and Ewing's sarcoma."	Fenretinide (4-hydroxy(phenyl)retinamide; 4-HPR) (INN) is a synthetic retinoid derivative. Retinoids are substances related to vitamin A.	Fenretinide treatment may cause ceramide (a wax-like substance) to build up in tumor cells and is associated with the accumulation of reactive oxygen species (ROS), resulting in cell death through apoptosis and/or necrosis.
DCC0364	Flavopiridol	CAS:131740-09-5	C21H20ClNO5	small molecule	experimental	401.84	Investigated for use/treatment in esophageal cancer, leukemia (lymphoid), lung cancer, liver cancer, and lymphoma (unspecified).	Flavopiridol is a synthetic flavonoid based on an extract from an Indian plant for the potential treatment of cancer.	Inhibits cyclin-dependent kinases, arresting cell division and causing apoptosis in non-small lung cancer cells.
DCC0365	Epigallocatechin	CAS:970-74-1	C15H14O7	small molecule	experimental	306.2675	EGCG selectively induces apoptosis in human carcinoma cell lines.	Epigallocatechin is the most abundant catechin in tea and is a potent antioxidant that may have therapeutic applications in the treatment of many disorders.	Epigallocatechin Gallate (EGCG) is an anti-oxidant polyphenol flavonoid isolated from green tea. Its possible benefit as a nutritional chemopreventive agent for cancer, atherosclerosis, and neurodegenerative diseases is generating increased scientific interest. EGCG has demonstrated chemopreventive and chemotherapeutic actions in cellular and animal models of cancer.
DCC0368	Clioquinol	CAS:130-26-7	C9H5ClINO	small molecule	withdrawn	305.5	Treating skin inflammation and itching due to certain skin conditions, including eczema.	Clioquinol is a broad-spectrum antibacterial with antifungal properties. Application of clioquinol to extensive or eroded areas of the skin may lead to increased protein-bound iodine (PBI) levels within 1 week. In addition, elevated PBI levels may occur when relatively small areas of the skin are treated with clioquinol for more than 1 week.	Clioquinol is bacteriostatic, however, the precise mechanism of its action is unknown.
DCC0369	Trabectedin	CAS:114899-77-3	C39H43N3O11S	small molecule	approved	761.837	Indicated for treatment of advanced soft tissue sarcoma in patients refractory to or unsuitable to receive anthracycline or ifosfamide chemotherapy in Europe, Russia and South Korea. Approved for orphan drug status by the U.S. FDA for treatment of soft tissue sarcomas and ovarian cancer. Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified), gastric cancer, ovarian cancer, pediatric indications, sarcoma, and solid tumors.	"Two of the rings in the drug's structure allows it to covalently bind to the minor groove of DNA. The third ring protrudes from the DNA which lets it interact with nearby nuclear proteins. This has the additive effect of blocking cell division at the G2 phase."	Trabectedin interacts with the minor groove of DNA and alkylates guanine at the N2 position, which bends towards the major groove. In this manner, it is thought that the drug affects various transcription factors involved in cell proliferation, particularly via the transcription-coupled nucleotide excision repair system. Trabectedin blocks the cell cycle at the G2 phase, while cells at the G1 phase are most sensitive to the drug. It also inhibits overexpression of the multidrug resistance-1 gene (MDR-1) coding for the P-glycoprotein that is a major factor responsible for cells developing resistance to cancer drugs. The agent is also thought to interfere with the nucleotide excision repair pathways of cancer cells, suggesting that it could be effective in the treatment of many cancer types including melanoma and sarcoma, as well as lung, breast, ovarian, endometrial and prostate cancers; clinical evaluations are underway in these indications.
DCC0370	Glatiramer Acetate	CAS:147245-92-9	C25H45N5O13	biotech	approved	623.6505	For reduction of the frequency of relapses in patients with Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Sclerosis.	"Glatiramer acetate was originally designed to mimic a protein in myelin, called myelin basic protein, with the intention of inducing EAE (an animal model of MS). Quite to the contrary, it was found to suppress the disease and as a result came to be trialed in human MS. There is some evidence that Glatiramer acetate converts the body's immune response from a Th1 type to a Th2 one, promotes suppressor T cells or acts as an altered peptide ligand. Studies in animals and in vitro systems suggest that upon its administration, glatiramer acetate-specific suppressor T-cells are induced and activated in the periphery. Some fraction of the injected material, either intact or partially hydrolyzed, is presumed to enter the lymphatic circulation, enabling it to reach regional lymph nodes, and some may enter the systemic circulation intact."	Glatiramer acetate (GA) exhibits strong and promiscuous binding to MHC molecules (HLA DRB1 variants) and consequent competition with various myelin antigens for their presentation to T cells. A further aspect of its action is potent induction of specific suppressor cells of the T helper 2 (Th2) type that migrate to the brain and lead to in situ bystander suppression. Furthermore, the GA-specific cells in the brain express the anti-inflammatory cytokines IL-10 and transforming growth factor beta, in addition to brain-derived neurotrophic factor, whereas they do not express the inflammatory cytokine IFN-gamma. Recent evidence also suggests that Glatiramer acetate directly inhibits dendritic cells and monocytes - both of which are circulating antigen presenting cells.
DCC0371	Alogliptin	CAS:850649-61-5	C18H21N5O2	small molecule	approved	339.3916	Indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.	Peak inhibition of DPP-4 occurs within 2-3 hours after a single-dose administration to healthy subjects. The peak inhibition of DPP-4 exceeded 93% across doses of 12.5 mg to 800 mg. Inhibition of DPP-4 remained above 80% at 24 hours for doses greater than or equal to 25 mg.  Alogliptin also demonstrated decreases in postprandial glucagon while increasing postprandial active GLP-1 levels compared to placebo over an 8-hour period following a standardized meal. Alogliptin does not affect the QTc interval.	Alogliptin inhibits dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4), which normally degrades the incretins glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon like peptide 1 (GLP-1). The inhibition of DPP-4 increases the amount of active plasma incretins which helps with glycemic control. GIP and GLP-1 stimulate glucose dependent secretion of insulin in pancreatic beta cells. GLP-1 has the additional effects of suppressing glucose dependent glucagon secretion, inducing satiety, reducing food intake, and reducing gastric emptying.
DCC0300	Diazoxide	CAS:364-98-7	C8H7ClN2O2S	small molecule	approved	230.671	Used parentally to treat hypertensive emergencies. Also used to treat hypoglycemia secondary to insulinoma.	Diazoxide is a potassium channel activator, which causes local relaxation in smooth muscle by increasing membrane permeability to potassium ions. This switches off voltage-gated calcium ion channels which inhibits the generation of an action potential.	As a diuretic, diazoxide inhibits active chloride reabsorption at the early distal tubule via the Na-Cl cotransporter, resulting in an increase in the excretion of sodium, chloride, and water. Thiazides like diazoxide also inhibit sodium ion transport across the renal tubular epithelium through binding to the thiazide sensitive sodium-chloride transporter. This results in an increase in potassium excretion via the sodium-potassium exchange mechanism. The antihypertensive mechanism of diazoxide is less well understood although it may be mediated through its action on carbonic anhydrases in the smooth muscle or through its action on the large-conductance calcium-activated potassium (KCa) channel, also found in the smooth muscle. As a antihypoglycemic, diazoxide inhibits insulin release from the pancreas, probably by opening potassium channels in the beta cell membrane.
DCC0301	Rabeprazole	CAS:117976-89-3	C18H21N3O3S	small molecule	approved	359.443	For the treatment of acid-reflux disorders (GERD), peptic ulcer disease, H. pylori eradication, and prevention of gastroinetestinal bleeds with NSAID use.	Rabeprazole prevents the production of acid in the stomach. It reduces symptoms and prevents injury to the esophagus or stomach in patients with gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) or ulcers. Rabeprazole is also useful in conditions that produce too much stomach acid such as Zollinger-Ellison syndrome. Rabeprazole may also be used with antibiotics to get rid of bacteria that are associated with some ulcers. Rabeprazole is a selective and irreversible proton pump inhibitor, suppresses gastric acid secretion by specific inhibition of the H<sup>+</sup>, K<sup>+</sup> -ATPase, which is found at the secretory surface of parietal cells. In doing so, it inhibits the final transport of hydrogen ions (via exchange with potassium ions) into the gastric lumen.	Rabeprazole belongs to a class of antisecretory compounds (substituted benzimidazole proton-pump inhibitors) that do not exhibit anticholinergic or histamine H2-receptor antagonist properties, but suppress gastric acid secretion by inhibiting the gastric H<sup>+</sup>/K<sup>+</sup>ATPase (hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase) at the secretory surface of the gastric parietal cell. Because this enzyme is regarded as the acid (proton) pump within the parietal cell, rabeprazole has been characterized as a gastric proton-pump inhibitor. Rabeprazole blocks the final step of gastric acid secretion. In gastric parietal cells, rabeprazole is protonated, accumulates, and is transformed to an active sulfenamide. When studied in vitro, rabeprazole is chemically activated at pH 1.2 with a half-life of 78 seconds.
DCC0302	Proguanil	CAS:500-92-5	C11H16ClN5	small molecule	approved	253.731	For the causal prevention and suppression of malaria caused by susceptible strains of <i>P. falciparum</i> and other species of Plasmodium found in some geographical areas of the world.	Proguanil is a biguanide derivative that is converted to an active metabolite called cycloguanil. It exerts its antimalarial action by inhibiting parasitic dihydrofolate reductase enzyme. It has causal prophylactic and suppressive activity against <i>P. falciparum</i> and cures the acute infection. It is also effective in suppressing the clinical attacks of vivax malaria. However it is slower compared to 4-aminoquinolines.	Proguanil inhibits the dihydrofolate reductase of plasmodia and thereby blocks the biosynthesis of purines and pyrimidines, which are essential for DNA synthesis and cell multiplication. This leads to failure of nuclear division at the time of schizont formation in erythrocytes and liver.
DCC0298	Chlorpheniramine	CAS:132-22-9	C16H19ClN2	small molecule	approved	274.788	Temporarily relieves the following symptoms due to hay fever or other upper respiratory allergies.	In allergic reactions an allergen interacts with and cross-links surface IgE antibodies on mast cells and basophils. Once the mast cell-antibody-antigen complex is formed, a complex series of events occurs that eventually leads to cell-degranulation and the release of histamine (and other chemical mediators) from the mast cell or basophil. Once released, histamine can react with local or widespread tissues through histamine receptors. Histamine, acting on H<sub>1</sub>-receptors, produces pruritis, vasodilatation, hypotension, flushing, headache, tachycardia, and bronchoconstriction. Histamine also increases vascular permeability and potentiates pain. Chlorpheniramine, is a histamine H1 antagonist (or more correctly, an inverse histamine agonist) of the alkylamine class. It competes with histamine for the normal H<sub>1</sub>-receptor sites on effector cells of the gastrointestinal tract, blood vessels and respiratory tract. It provides effective, temporary relief of sneezing, watery and itchy eyes, and runny nose due to hay fever and other upper respiratory allergies.	Chlorpheniramine binds to the histamine H1 receptor. This blocks the action of endogenous histamine, which subsequently leads to temporary relief of the negative symptoms brought on by histamine.
DCC0299	Atovaquone	CAS:95233-18-4	C22H19ClO3	small molecule	approved	366.837	For the treatment or prevention of <i>Pneumocystis carinii</i> pneumonia in patients who are intolerant to trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole (TMP-SMX). Also indicated for the acute oral treatment of mild to moderate PCP in patients who are intolerant to TMP-SMX.	Atovaquone is a highly lipophilic drug that closely resembles the structure ubiquinone. Its inhibitory effect being comparable to ubiquinone, in sensitive parasites atovaquone can act by selectively affecting mitochondrial electron transport and parallel processes such as ATP and pyrimidine biosynthesis. For illustration, cytochrome bc1 complex (complex III) seems to serve as a highly discriminating molecular target for atovaquone in Plasmodiaatovaquone has the advantage of not causing myelosuppression, which is an important issue in patients who have undergone bone marrow transplantation.	Atovaquone is a hydroxy- 1, 4- naphthoquinone, an analog of ubiquinone, with antipneumocystis activity. The mechanism of action against <i>Pneumocystis carinii</i> has not been fully elucidated. In Plasmodium species, the site of action appears to be the cytochrome bc1 complex (Complex III). Several metabolic enzymes are linked to the mitochondrial electron transport chain via ubiquinone. Inhibition of electron transport by atovaquone will result in indirect inhibition of these enzymes. The ultimate metabolic effects of such blockade may include inhibition of nucleic acid and ATP synthesis. Atovaquone also has been shown to have good <i>in vitro</i> activity against <i>Toxoplasma gondii</i>.
DCC0328	Gemfibrozil	CAS:25812-30-0	C15H22O3	small molecule	approved	250.3334	For treatment of adult patients with very high elevations of serum triglyceride levels (types IV and V hyperlipidemia) who are at risk of developing pancreatitis (inflammation of the pancreas) and who do not respond adequately to a strict diet.	Gemfibrozil, a fibric acid antilipemic agent similar to clofibrate, is used to treat hyperlipoproteinemia and as a second-line therapy for type IIb hypercholesterolemia. It acts to reduce triglyceride levels, reduce VLDL levels, reduce LDL levels (moderately), and increase HDL levels (moderately).	"Gemfibrozil increases the activity of extrahepatic lipoprotein lipase (LL), thereby increasing lipoprotein triglyceride lipolysis. It does so by activating Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha (PPAR¿¿) 'transcription factor ligand', a receptor that is involved in metabolism of carbohydrates and fats, as well as adipose tissue differentiation. This increase in the synthesis of lipoprotein lipase thereby increases the clearance of triglycerides. Chylomicrons are degraded, VLDLs are converted to LDLs, and LDLs are converted to HDL. This is accompanied by a slight increase in secretion of lipids into the bile and ultimately the intestine. Gemfibrozil also inhibits the synthesis and increases the clearance of apolipoprotein B, a carrier molecule for VLDL."
DCC0329	Docetaxel	CAS:114977-28-5	C43H53NO14	small molecule	approved	807.8792	For the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer after failure of prior chemotherapy. Also used as a single agent in the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer after failure of prior platinum-based chemotherapy. It is also used in combination with prednisone, in the treatment of patients with androgen independent (hormone refractory) metastatic prostate cancer. Furthermore, docetaxel has uses in the treatment of gastric adenocarinoma and head and neck cancer.	Docetaxel is a taxoid antineoplastic agent. It promotes the assembly of microtubules from tubulin dimers and stabilizes microtubules by preventing depolymerization. This stability results in the inhibition of the normal dynamic reorganization of the microtubule network that is essential for vital interphase and mitotic cellular functions. In addition, docetaxel induces abnormal arrays or bundles of microtubules throughout the cell cycle and multiple asters of microtubules during mitosis.	"Docetaxel interferes with the normal function of microtubule growth. Whereas drugs like colchicine cause the depolymerization of microtubules in vivo, docetaxel arrests their function by having the opposite effect; it hyper-stabilizes their structure. This destroys the cell's ability to use its cytoskeleton in a flexible manner. Specifically, docetaxel binds to the beta-subunit of tubulin. Tubulin is the building block of mictotubules, and the binding of docetaxel locks these building blocks in place. The resulting microtubule/docetaxel complex does not have the ability to disassemble. This adversely affects cell function because the shortening and lengthening of microtubules (termed dynamic instability) is necessary for their function as a transportation highway for the cell. Chromosomes, for example, rely upon this property of microtubules during mitosis. Further research has indicated that docetaxel induces programmed cell death (apoptosis) in cancer cells by binding to an apoptosis stopping protein called Bcl-2 (B-cell leukemia 2) and thus arresting its function."
DCC0330	Dasatinib	CAS:302962-49-8	C22H26ClN7O2S	small molecule	approved	488.006	For the treatment of adults with chronic, accelerated, or myeloid or lymphoid blast phase chronic myeloid leukemia with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy. Also indicated for the treatment of adults with Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy.	Dasatinib is an oral dual BCR/ABL and Src family tyrosine kinase inhibitor	Dasatinib, at nanomolar concentrations, inhibits the following kinases: BCR-ABL, SRC family (SRC, LCK, YES, FYN), c-KIT, EPHA2, and PDGFR beta;. Based on modeling studies, dasatinib is predicted to bind to multiple conformations of the ABL kinase. In vitro, dasatinib was active in leukemic cell lines representing variants of imatinib mesylate sensitive and resistant disease. Dasatinib inhibited the growth of chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) and acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) cell lines overexpressing BCR-ABL. Under the conditions of the assays, dasatinib was able to overcome imatinib resistance resulting from BCR-ABL kinase domain mutations, activation of alternate signaling pathways involving the SRC family kinases (LYN, HCK), and multi-drug resistance gene overexpression.
DCC0331	Aliskiren	CAS:173334-57-1	C30H53N3O6	small molecule	approved	551.7583	For the treatment of mild to moderate hypertension. It may be used alone or in combination with other antihypertensive agents.	Aliskiren is a nonpeptide renin inhibitor marketed under the trade name Tekturna by Novartis.	Renin is secreted by the kidney in response to decreases in blood volume and renal perfusion.  Renin cleaves angiotensinogen to form the inactive decapeptide angiotensin I (Ang I). Ang I is converted to the active octapeptide angiotensin II (Ang II) by angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) and non-ACE pathways. Ang II is a powerful vasoconstrictor and leads to the release of catecholamines from the adrenal medulla and prejunctional nerve endings. It also promotes aldosterone secretion and sodium reabsorption. Together, these effects increase blood pressure. Ang II also inhibits renin release, thus providing a negative feedback to the system.  This cycle, from renin through angiotensin to aldosterone and its associated negative feedback loop, is known as the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS). Aliskiren is a direct renin inhibitor, decreasing plasma renin activity (PRA) and inhibiting the conversion of angiotensinogen to Ang I. Whether aliskiren affects other RAAS components, e.g., ACE or non-ACE pathways, is not known. All agents that inhibit the RAAS, including renin inhibitors, suppress the negative feedback loop, leading to a compensatory rise in plasma renin concentration. When this rise occurs during treatment with ACE inhibitors and ARBs, the result is increased levels of PRA. During treatment with aliskiren, however, the effect of increased renin levels is blocked, so that PRA, Ang I and Ang II are all reduced, whether aliskiren is used as monotherapy or in combination with other antihypertensive agents. PRA reductions in clinical trials ranged from approximately 50%-80%, were not dose-related and did not correlate with blood pressure reductions. The clinical implications of the differences in effect on PRA are not known.
DCC0372	Artemether	CAS:71963-77-4	C16H26O5	small molecule	approved	298.3746	Artemether and lumefantrine combination therapy is indicated for the treatment of acute uncomplicated malaria caused by <i>Plasmodium falciparum</i>, including malaria acquired in chloroquine-resistant areas. May also be used to treat uncomplicated malaria when the <i>Plasmodium</i> species has not been identified. Indicated for use in adults and children greater than 5 kg.	In the body, artemether is metabolized into the active metabolite metabolite dihydroartemisinin. The drug works against the erythrocytic stages of <i>P. falciparum</i> by inhibiting nucleic acid and protein synthesis. Artemether is administered in combination with lumefantrine for improved efficacy. Artemether has a rapid onset of action and is rapidly cleared from the body. It is thought that artemether provides rapid symptomatic relief by reducing the number of malarial parasites. Lumefantrine has a much longer half life and is believed to clear residual parasites.	Involves an interaction with ferriprotoporphyrin IX, or ferrous ions, in the acidic parasite food vacuole, which results in the generation of cytotoxic radical species. The generally accepted mechanism of action of peroxide antimalarials involves interaction of the peroxide-containing drug with heme, a hemoglobin degradation byproduct, derived from proteolysis of hemoglobin. This interaction is believed to result in the formation of a range of potentially toxic oxygen and carbon-centered radicals.
DCC0404	Arzoxifene	CAS:182133-25-1	C28H29NO4S. HCl	small molecule	investigational	475.6	Treatment of symptoms associated with uterine fibroids, endometriosis, and dysfunctional uterine bleeding; In the treatment of estrogen receptor positive recurrent/metastatic breast cancer; As an adjuvant to breast cancer therapy.	Arzoxifene is a selective estrogen receptor modulator. It is a potent estrogen antagonist in mammary and uterine tissue while acting as an estrogen agonist to maintain bone density and lower serum cholesterol.	Arzoxifene, a synthetic aromatic derivative with anti-estrogenic properties. Arzoxifene binds to estrogen receptors as a mixed estrogen agonist/antagonist. In comparison to other selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERMs), arzoxifene exhibits greater bioavailability and higher anti-estrogenic potency in the breast than raloxifene; it exhibits reduced estrogenicity in the uterus compared with either tamoxifen or raloxifene. This agent may have beneficial effects on bone and the cardiovascular system.
DCC0405	Ravuconazole	CAS:182760-06-1	C22H17F2N5OS	small molecule	investigational	437.11	Preventing fungal infections in patients undergoing allogeneic stem cell transplantation.	Ravuconazole is a broad-spectrum antifungal triazole originally discovered by Eisai for treatment of systemic fungal infections such as candidiasis, aspergillosis and cryptococcal meningitis.	As with all azole antifungal agents, ravuconazole works principally by inhibition of cytochrome P450 14a-demethylase (P45014DM). This enzyme is in the sterol biosynthesis pathway that leads from lanosterol to ergosterol. The potency of ravuconazole to inhibit sterol C14 demethylation is similar to that of itraconazole.
DCC0406	Roscovitine	CAS:186692-46-6	C19H26N6O	small molecule	investigational	354.45	Roscovitine is being researched for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), leukemia, HIV infection, herpes simplex infection, and the mechanisms of chronic inflammation disorders.	Seliciclib is also in clinical trials for B-cell lymphomas, including multiple myeloma. Seliciclib has been shown to inhibit RNA polymerase II-dependent transcription and down-regulation of the protein MCL1.	Roscovitine (Seliciclib or CYC202) is a trial drug in the family of pharmacological cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitors that preferentially inhibit multiple enzyme targets including CDK2, CDK7 and CDK9, which alter the growth phase or state within the cell cycle of treated cells.
DCC0407	PA-824	CAS:187235-37-6	C14H12F3N3O5	small molecule	investigational	359.26	For the treatment of tuberculosis (Not approved for use in humans).	PA-824 is a nitroimidazole, a class of novel anti-bacterial agents. As a potential TB therapy, it has many attractive characteristics - most notably its novel mechanism of action, its activity in vitro against all tested drug-resistant clinical isolates, and its activity as both a potent bactericidal and a sterilizing agent in mice. In addition, the compound shows no evidence of mutagenicity in a standard battery of genotoxicity studies, no significant cytochrome P450 interactions, and no significant activity against a broad range of Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria.	PA 824 is an experimental anti-tuberculosis drug. The bicyclic nitroimidazole like molecule PA-824 has got a very complex mechanism of action active against both replicating and hypoxic, non-replicating Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
DCC0408	Endomorphin-1	CAS:189388-22-5	C34H38N6O5	biotech	investigational	610.7	Endomorphin-1 can reduce the pain and inflammation of arthritis.	Endomorphin-1 is located in the nucleus of the solitary tract, the periventricular hypothalamus, and the dorsomedial hypothalamus, where it is found within histaminergic neurons and may regulate sedative and arousal behaviors.	
DCC0409	RPR-115135	CAS:191989-28-3	C31H29NO4	small molecule	investigational	479.58	Tested in human colon cancer cell lines.	RPR-115135, a new non peptidomimetic farnesyltransferase inhibitor, induces G0/G1 arrest only in serum starved cells.	Inhibiting Ras farnesylation to block the Ras related pathway.
DCC0410	Tipifarnib	CAS:192185-72-1	C27H22Cl2N4O	small molecule	investigational	488.12	Tipifarnib is being investigated in patients 65 years of age and older with newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukemia (AML).	Tipifarnib (Zarnestra) is a farnesyltransferase inhibitor that is being investigated in patients 65 years of age and older with newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukemia (AML).	A nonpeptidomimetic quinolinone with potential antineoplastic activity. Tipifarnib binds to and inhibits the enzyme farnesyl protein transferase, an enzyme involved in protein processing (farnesylation) for signal transduction. By inhibiting the farnesylation of proteins, this agent prevents the activation of Ras oncogenes, inhibits cell growth, induces apoptosis, and inhibits angiogenesis.
DCC0411	Lomeguatrib	CAS:192441-08-0	C10H8BrN5OS	small molecule	investigational	326.17	For the treatment of advanced cancer.	Lomeguatrib, also known as PaTrin-2,  is a potent Inhibitor of O6-Alkylguanine-DNA-Alkyltransferase.	Chloroethylnitrosoureas such as 1,3-bis(2-chloroethyl)-1-nitrosourea (BCNU) and methylating agents such as dacarbazine and temozolomide are cytotoxic through their ability to alkylate DNA, principally at the O6 position in guanine. Resistance to these agents can be conferred by the repair protein O6-alkylguanine-DNA alkyltransferase (ATase), which removes the alkyl group in a stoichiometric auto-inactivating reaction (1, 4, 5). Tumor cells frequently express high levels of ATase. Lomeguatrib, a Potent inhibitor of O6-Alkylguanine-DNA-alkyltransferase may produces ATase-depleting effect.
DCC0412	Lonafarnib	CAS:193275-84-2	C27H31Br2ClN4O2	small molecule	investigational	638.05	It show activity in treating cancer and progeria.	A synthetic tricyclic derivative of carboxamide with antineoplastic properties.	Lonarfanib binds to and inhibits farnesyl transferase, an enzyme involved in the post-translational modification and activation of Ras proteins. Ras proteins participate in numerous signalling pathways (proliferation, cytoskeletal organization), and play an important role in oncogenesis. Mutated ras proteins have been found in a wide range of human cancers.
DCC0303	Pioglitazone	CAS:111025-46-8	C19H20N2O3S	small molecule	approved	356.439	It is indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus in multiple clinical settings.	Pioglitazone, a member of the drug group known as the thiazolidinediones or insulin sensitizers, is not chemically or functionally related to the alpha-glucosidase inhibitors, the biguanides, or the sulfonylureas. Pioglitazone targets insulin resistance and, hence, is used alone or in combination with insulin, metformin, or asulfonylurea as an antidiabetic agent.	Pioglitazone acts as an agonist at peroxisome proliferator activated receptors (PPAR) in target tissues for insulin action such as adipose tissue, skeletal muscle, and liver. Activation of PPAR-gamma receptors increases the transcription of insulin-responsive genes involved in the control of glucose production, transport, and utilization. In this way, pioglitazone both enhances tissue sensitivity to insulin and reduces hepatic gluconeogenesis. Thus, insulin resistance associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus is improved without an increase in insulin secretion by pancreatic beta cells.
DCC0304	Levofloxacin	CAS:100986-85-4	C18H20FN3O4	small molecule	approved	361.3675	For the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis caused by susceptible strains of the following organisms: <i>Corynebacterium</i> species, <i>Staphylococus aureus</i>, <i>Staphylococcus epidermidis</i>, <i>Streptococcus pneumoniae</i>, <i>Streptococcus</i> (Groups C/F/G), Viridans group streptococci, <i>Acinetobacter lwoffii</i>, <i>Haemophilus influenzae</i>, <i>Serratia marcescens</i>.	Levofloxacin, a fluoroquinolone antiinfective, is the optically active L-isomer of ofloxacin. Levofloxacin is used to treat bacterial conjunctivitis, sinusitis, chronic bronchitis, community-acquired pneumonia and pneumonia caused by penicillin-resistant strains of <i>Streptococcus pneumoniae</i>, skin and skin structure infections, complicated urinary tract infections and acute pyelonephritis.	Levofloxacin inhibits bacterial type II topoisomerases, topoisomerase IV and DNA gyrase. Levofloxacin, like other fluoroquinolones, inhibits the A subunits of DNA gyrase, two subunits encoded by the gyrA gene. This results in strand breakage on a bacterial chromosome, supercoiling, and resealing; DNA replication and transcription is inhibited.
DCC0305	Gemifloxacin	CAS:175463-14-6	C18H20FN5O4	small molecule	approved	389.3809	For the treatment of bacterial infection caused by susceptible strains such as <i>S. pneumoniae</i>, <i>H. influenzae</i>, <i>H. parainfluenzae</i>, or <i>M. catarrhalis</i>, <i>S. pneumoniae</i> (including multi-drug resistant strains [MDRSP]), <i>M. pneumoniae</i>, <i>C. pneumoniae</i>, or <i>K. pneumoniae</i>.	Gemifloxacin is a quinolone/fluoroquinolone antibiotic. Gemifloxacin is bactericidal and its mode of action depends on blocking of bacterial DNA replication by binding itself to an enzyme called DNA gyrase, which allows the untwisting required to replicate one DNA double helix into two. Notably the drug has 100 times higher affinity for bacterial DNA gyrase than for mammalian. Gemifloxacin is a broad-spectrum antibiotic that is active against both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria.	The bactericidal action of gemifloxacin results from inhibition of the enzymes topoisomerase II (DNA gyrase) and topoisomerase IV, which are required for bacterial DNA replication, transcription, repair, and recombination.
DCC0306	Bupropion	CAS:34841-39-9	C13H18ClNO	small molecule	approved	239.741	Bupropion is an antidepressant medication used to treat major depressive disorder and seasonal affective disorder. The Zyban brand of bupropion is used to help people stop smoking by reducing cravings and other withdrawal effects.	Bupropion, an antidepressant of the aminoketone class and a non-nicotine aid to smoking cessation, is chemically unrelated to tricyclic, tetracyclic, selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor, or other known antidepressant agents. Compared to classical tricyclic antidepressants, Bupropion is a relatively weak inhibitor of the neuronal uptake of norepinephrine, serotonin, and dopamine. In addition, Bupropion does not inhibit monoamine oxidase. Bupropion produces dose-related central nervous system (CNS) stimulant effects in animals, as evidenced by increased locomotor activity, increased rates of responding in various schedule-controlled operant behavior tasks, and, at high doses, induction of mild stereotyped behavior.	Bupropion selectively inhibits the neuronal reuptake of dopamine, norepinephrine, and serotonin; actions on dopaminergic systems are more significant than imipramine or amitriptyline whereas the blockade of norepinephrine and serotonin reuptake at the neuronal membrane is weaker for bupropion than for tricyclic antidepressants. The increase in norepinephrine may attenuate nicotine withdrawal symptoms and the increase in dopamine at neuronal sites may reduce nicotine cravings and the urge to smoke. Bupropion exhibits moderate anticholinergic effects.
DCC0307	Trimetrexate	CAS:52128-35-5	C19H23N5O3	small molecule	approved	369.4176	For use, with concurrent leucovorin administration (leucovorin protection), as an alternative therapy for the treatment of moderate-to-severe <i>Pneumocystis carinii</i> pneumonia (PCP) in immunocompromised patients, including patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Also used to treat several types of cancer including colon cancer.	Trimetrexate, a non-classical folate antagonist, is a synthetic inhibitor of the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR). During DNA synthesis and cellular reproduction, folic acid is reduced to tetrahydrofolic acid by the enzyme folic acid reductase. By interfering with the reduction of folic acid, trimetrexate interferes with tissue cell reproduction. Generally, the most sensitive cells to the antimetabolite effect of trimetrexate are those cells which are most actively proliferating such as malignant cells, dermal epithelium, buccal and intestinal mucosa, bone marrow, fetal cells, and cells of the urinary bladder. Because the proliferation of cells in malignant tissues is greater than in most normal tissues, trimetrexate may impair the growth of the malignant tissues without causing irreversible damage to normal tissues. Due to very serious and potentially life-threatening side-effects of this drug, leucovorin must be co-administered for at least 72 hours after the last dose.	In vitro studies have shown that trimetrexate is a competitive inhibitor of dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR) from bacterial, protozoan, and mammalian sources. DHFR catalyzes the reduction of intracellular dihydrofolate to the active coenzyme tetrahydrofolate. Inhibition of DHFR results in the depletion of this coenzyme, leading directly to interference with thymidylate biosynthesis, as well as inhibition of folate-dependent formyltransferases, and indirectly to inhibition of p.r.n. biosynthesis. The end result is disruption of DNA, RNA, and protein synthesis, with consequent cell death.
DCC0332	Lapatinib	CAS:388082-78-8	C29H26ClFN4O4S	small molecule	approved	581.058	Indicated in combination with capecitabine for the treatment of patients with advanced or metastatic breast cancer whose tumors overexpress the human epidermal receptor type 2 (HER2) protein and who have received prior therapy including an anthracycline, a taxane, and trastuzuma.	Lapatinib is a small molecule and a member of the 4-anilinoquinazoline class of kinase inhibitors. An anti-cancer drug, lapatinib was developed by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a treatment for solid tumours such as breast and lung cancer. It was approved by the FDA on March 13, 2007, for use in patients with advanced metastatic breast cancer in conjunction with the chemotherapy drug capecitabine.	Lapatinib is a 4-anilinoquinazoline kinase inhibitor of the intracellular tyrosine kinase domains of both epidermal growth factor receptor (HER1/EGFR/ERBB1) and human epidermal growth factor receptor type 2 (HER2/ERBB2)with a dissociation half-life of &ge;300 minutes. Lapatinib inhibits ERBB-driven tumor cell growth in vitro and in various animal models. An additive effect was demonstrated in an in vitro study when lapatinib and 5-florouracil (the active metabolite of capecitabine) were used in combination in the 4 tumor cell lines tested. The growth inhibitory effects of lapatinib were evaluated in trastuzumab-conditioned cell lines. Lapatinib retained significant activity against breast cancer cell lines selected for long-term growth in trastuzumab-containing medium in vitro. These in vitro findings suggest non-cross-resistance between these two agents.
DCC0333	Sitagliptin	CAS:486460-32-6	C16H15F6N5O	small molecule	approved	407.3136	For use as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Also for use in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus to improve glycemic control in combination with metformin or a PPAR¿_ agonist (e.g., thiazolidinediones) when the single agent alone, with diet and exercise, does not provide adequate glycemic control.	Sitagliptin is an orally-active member of the new dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class of drugs.  The benefit of this medicine is expected to be its lower side-effects of hypoglycemia in the control of blood glucose values. The drug works to diminish the effects of a protein/enzyme (by the inhibition of this protein/enzyme) on the pancreas at the level of release of glucagon (diminishes its release) and at the level of insulin (increases its synthesis and release) until blood glucose levels are restored toward normal, in which case the protein/enzyme-enzyme inhibitor becomes less effective and the amounts of insulin released diminishes thus diminishing the overshoot of hypoglycemia seen in other oral hypoglycemic agents.	Sitagliptin is a highly selective DPP-4 inhibitor, which is believed to exert its actions in patients with type 2 diabetes by slowing the inactivation of incretin hormones, thereby increasing the concentration and prolonging the action of these hormones. Incretin hormones, including glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP), are released by the intestine throughout the day, and levels are increased in response to a meal. These hormones are rapidly inactivated by the enzyme, DPP-4. The incretins are part of an endogenous system involved in the physiologic regulation of glucose homeostasis. When blood glucose concentrations are normal or elevated, GLP-1 and GIP increase insulin synthesis and release from pancreatic beta cells by intracellular signaling pathways involving cyclic AMP. GLP-1 also lowers glucagon secretion from pancreatic alpha cells, leading to reduced hepatic glucose production. By increasing and prolonging active incretin levels, sitagliptin increases insulin release and decreases glucagon levels in the circulation in a glucose-dependent manner. These changes lead to a decrease in hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c)levels, as well as a lower fasting and postprandial glucose concentration. Sitagliptin demonstrates selectivity for DPP-4 and does not inhibit DPP-8 or DPP-9 activity in vitro at concentrations approximating those from therapeutic doses.
DCC0334	Decitabine	CAS:2353-33-5	C8H12N4O4	small molecule	approved	228.2053	For treatment of patients with myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) including previously treated and untreated, de novo and secondary MDS of all French-American-British subtypes (refractory anemia, refractory anemia with ringed sideroblasts, refractory anemia with excess blasts, refractory anemia with excess blasts in transformation, and chronic myelomonocytic leukemia) and intermediate-1, intermediate-2, and high-risk International Prognostic Scoring System groups.	"Decitabine is an analogue of the natural nucleoside 2_¿_-deoxycytidine. It functions in the same way as 5-Azacytidine. The antineoplastic activity of this drug is dependent on its intracellular conversion to its 5'-triphosphate metabolite."	Decitabine is believed to exert its antineoplastic effects following its conversion to decitabine triphosphate, where the drug directly incorporates into DNA and inhibits DNA methyltransferase, the enzyme that is responsible for methylating newly synthesized DNA in mammalian cells. This results in hypomethylation of DNA and cellular differentiation or apoptosis. Decitabine inhibits DNA methylation in vitro, which is achieved at concentrations that do not cause major suppression of DNA synthesis. Decitabine-induced hypomethylation in neoplastic cells may restore normal function to genes that are critical for the control of cellular differentiation and proliferation. In rapidly dividing cells, the cytotoxicity of decitabine may also be attributed to the formation of covalent adducts between DNA methyltransferase and decitabine that has been incorporated into DNA. Non-proliferating cells are relatively insensitive to decitabine. Decitabine is cell cycle specific and acts peripherally in the S phase of the cell cycle. It does not inhibit the progression of cells from the G1 to S phase.
DCC0375	Naphazoline hydrochloride	CAS:835-31-4	C14H14N2	small molecule	approved	210.2744	Naphazoline is primarily indicated in conditions like Corneal vascularity, Hyperaemia, Itching, Nasal congestion, and can also be given in adjunctive therapy as an alternative drug of choice in Sinusitis	Naphazoline is a direct acting sympathomimetic adrenergic alpha-agonist used to induce systemic vasoconstriction, thereby decreasing nasal congestion and inducing constriction around the conjunctiva. The sympathomimetic action of Naphazoline constricts the smaller arterioles of the nasal passages, producing a decongesting effect. Naphazoline ophthalmic causes constriction of blood vessels in the eyes. It also decreases itching and irritation of the eyes. aphazoline constricts the vascular system of the conjunctiva. It is presumed that this effect is due to direct stimulation action of the drug upon the alpha adrenergic receptors in the arterioles of the conjunctiva resulting in decreased conjunctival congestion. Naphazoline belongs to the imidazoline class of sympathomimetics.	Naphazoline is a direct acting sympathomimetic drug, which acts on alpha-adrenergic receptors in the arterioles of the nasal mucosa. This activates the adrenal system to yield systemic vasoconstrction. In producing vasoconstriction, the result is a decrease in blood flow in the nasal passages and consequently decreased nasal congestion. The vasoconstriction means that there is less pressure in the capillaries and less water can filter out, thus less discharge is made.
DCC0376	Triclosan	CAS:3380-34-5	C12H7Cl3O2	small molecule	experimental	289.542	It is an antibacterial and antifungal agent found in numerous consumer products, including soaps, detergents, toys, and surgical cleaning treatments. Its efficacy as an antimicrobial agent and the risk of antibacterial resistance remains controversial.	Triclosan is an antibacterial and antifungal agent. It is a polychloro phenoxy phenol.	"At in-use concentrations, triclosan acts as a biocide, with multiple cytoplasmic and membrane targets. At lower concentrations, however, triclosan appears bacteriostatic and is seen to target bacteria mainly by inhibiting fatty acid synthesis. Triclosan binds to bacterial enoyl-acyl carrier protein reductase enzyme (ENR), which is encoded by the gene FabI. This binding increases the enzyme's affinity for nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD+). This results in the formation of a stable ternary complex of ENR-NAD+-triclosan, which is unable to participate in fatty acid synthesis."
DCC0377	Antazoline	CAS:91-75-8	C17H19N3	small molecule	approved	265.3529	Used to relieve nasal congestion and in eye drops, usually in combination with naphazoline, to relieve the symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis.	Antazoline is a histamine H1 receptor antagonist. It selectively bind to but does not activate histamine H1 receptors, thereby blocking the actions of endogenous histamine.	Antazoline binds to the histamine H1 receptor. This blocks the action of endogenous histamine, which subsequently leads to temporary relief of the negative symptoms brought on by histamine.
DCC0378	Fingolimod	CAS:162359-55-9	C19H33NO2	small molecule	approved	307.4708	Fingolimod is a sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor modulator indicated for the treatment of patients with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis to reduce the frequency of clinical exacerbations and to delay the accumulation of physical disability.	Fingolimod causes a transient reduction in heart rate and AV conduction at treatment initiation.Potential to prolong the QT interval.Effects on immune cell numbers in the blood- decreased lymphocyte counts.Mild decrease in the neutrophil count- about 80% of original pre-therapy count.Compared to placebo, antigen-specific IgM titers were decreased by 91% and 25% in response to KLH and PPV, respectively.IgG titers were decreased by 45% and 50%, in response to KLH and PPV.The capacity to mount a skin delayed-type hypersensitivity reaction to Candida and tetanus toxoid was decreased by approximately 30% in subjects on fingolimod 0.5 mg daily, compared to placebo. Immunologic responses were further decreased with fingolimod 1.25 mg (a dose higher than recommended for MS).	Fingolimod is metabolized by sphingosine kinase to the active metabolite, fingolimod-phosphate. Fingolimod-phosphate is a sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor modulator, and binds with high affinity to sphingosine 1-phosphate receptors 1, 3, 4, and 5. Fingolimod-phosphate blocks the capacity of lymphocytes to egress from lymph nodes, reducing the number of lymphocytes in peripheral blood. The mechanism by which fingolimod exerts therapeutic effects in multiple sclerosis is unknown, but may involve reduction of lymphocyte migration into the central nervous system.
DCC0373	Levonordefrin	CAS:829-74-3	C9H13NO3	small molecule	approved	183.2044	Used as a topical nasal decongestant and vasoconstrictor in dentistry.	is a sympathomimetic amine used as a vasoconstrictor in localanesthetic solutions. It has pharmacologic activity similar to that of Epinephrine but it is more stable than Epinephrine. In equal concentrations, Levonordefrin is less potent than Epinephrine in raising blood pressure, and as a vasoconstrictor.	It is designed to mimic the molecular shape of adrenaline. It binds to alpha-adrenergic receptors in the nasal mucosa. Here it can, therefore, cause vasoconstriction
DCC0374	Lumefantrine	CAS:82186-77-4	C30H32Cl3NO	small molecule	approved	528.94	Lumefantrine and artemether combination therapy is indicated for the treatment of acute uncomplicated malaria caused by <i>Plasmodium falciparum</i>, including malaria acquired in chloroquine-resistant areas. May also be used to treat uncomplicated malaria when the <i>Plasmodium</i> species has not been identified. Indicated for use in adults and children greater than 5 kg.	Lumefantrine is a blood schizonticide active against erythrocytic stages of <i>Plasmodium falciparum</i>. It is thought that administration of lumefantrine with artemether results in cooperate antimalarial clearing effects. Artemether has a rapid onset of action and is rapidly cleared from the body. It is thus thought to provide rapid symptomatic relief by reducing the number of malarial parasites. Lumefantrine has a much longer half life and is believed to clear residual parasites.	The exact mechanism by which lumefantrine exerts its antimalarial effect is unknown. However, available data suggest that lumefantrine inhibits the formation of beta-hematin by forming a complex with hemin and inhibits nucleic acid and protein synthesis.
DCC0379	Sodium caprate	CAS:1002-62-6	C10H19NaO2	small molecule	approved	194.13	It is a  transport enhancer of drugs   across the intestinal mucosa in cell culture systems and small animal species.	Sodium caprate, a medium chain fatty acid, is known to enhance the transport of drugs across the intestinal mucosa in cell culture systems and small animal species.	Sodium caprate releases calcium from intracellular stores via activation of phospholipase C in plasma membrane. The increase of the calcium levels was considered to induce the contraction of calmodulin-dependent actin microfilament, followed by dilatation of the paracellular route.
DCC0308	Arsenic trioxide	CAS:1327-53-3	As2O3	small molecule	approved	197.8414	For induction of remission and consolidation in patients with acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL), and whose APL is characterized by the presence of the t(15;17) translocation or PML/RAR-alpha gene expression	Arsenic Trioxide is indicated for induction of remission and consolidation in patients with acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL) who are refractory to, or have relapsed from, retinoid and anthracycline chemotherapy.	The mechanism of action of Arsenic Trioxide is not completely understood. Arsenic trioxide causes morphological changes and DNA fragmentation characteristic of apoptosis in NB4 human promyelocytic leukemia cells <i>in vitro</i>. Arsenic trioxide also causes damage or degradation of the fusion protein PML/RAR-alpha. It is suspected that arsenic trioxide induces cancer cells to undergo apoptosis.
DCC0309	Kanamycin	CAS:8063-07-8	C18H36N4O11	small molecule	approved	484.4986	For treatment of infections where one or more of the following are the known or suspected pathogens: <i>E. coli</i>, <i>Proteus</i> species (both indole-positive and indole-negative), <i>E. aerogenes, K. pneumoniae, S. marcescens,</i> and <i>Acinetobacter</i> species.	Kanamycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic. Aminoglycosides work by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of t-RNA, leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth. Aminoglycosides are useful primarily in infections involving aerobic, Gram-negative bacteria, such as Pseudomonas, Acinetobacter, and Enterobacter. In addition, some mycobacteria, including the bacteria that cause tuberculosis, are susceptible to aminoglycosides. Infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria can also be treated with aminoglycosides, but other types of antibiotics are more potent and less damaging to the host. In the past the aminoglycosides have been used in conjunction with penicillin-related antibiotics in streptococcal infections for their synergistic effects, particularly in endocarditis. Aminoglycosides are mostly ineffective against anaerobic bacteria, fungi and viruses.	Aminoglycosides like kanamycin irreversibly bind to specific 30S-subunit proteins and 16S rRNA. Specifically Kanamycin binds to four nucleotides of 16S rRNA and a single amino acid of protein S12. This interferes with decoding site in the vicinity of nucleotide 1400 in 16S rRNA of 30S subunit. This region interacts with the wobble base in the anticodon of tRNA. This leads to interference with the initiation complex, misreading of mRNA so incorrect amino acids are inserted into the polypeptide leading to nonfunctional or toxic peptides and the breakup of polysomes into nonfunctional monosomes.
DCC0310	Orphenadrine	CAS:83-98-7	C18H23NO	small molecule	approved	269.3813	It is indicated as an adjunct to rest, physical therapy, and other measures for the relief of discomfort associated with acute painful musculo skeletal conditions.	"Orphenadrine is indicated as an adjunct to rest, physical therapy, and other measures for the relief of discomfort associated with acute painful musculoskeletal conditions. Orphenadrine is an anticholinergic with a predominantly central effect and only a weak peripheral effect. In addition, it has mild antihistaminic and local anaesthetic properties. Parkinson's syndrome is the consequence of a disturbed balance between cholinergic and dopaminergic neurotransmission in the basal ganglia caused by a decrease in dopamine. Orphenadrine restores the physiological equilibrium and has a favourable effect on the rigidity and tremor of Parkinson's disease and Parkinsonian syndromes. The effect is somewhat less on bradykinesia."	Orphenadrine binds and inhibits both histamine H1 receptors and NMDA receptors. It restores the motor disturbances induced by neuroleptics, in particular the hyperkinesia. The dopamine deficiency in the striatum increases the stimulating effects of the cholinergic system. This stimulation is counteracted by the anticholinergic effect of orphenadrine. It may have a relaxing effect on skeletal muscle spasms and it has a mood elevating effect.
DCC0311	Ifosfamide	CAS:3778-73-2	C7H15Cl2N2O2P	small molecule	approved	261.086	"Used as a component of various chemotherapeutic regimens as third-line therapy for recurrent or refractory germ cell testicular cancer. Also used as a component of various chemotherapeutic regimens for the treatment of cervical cancer, as well as in conjunction with surgery and/or radiation therapy in the treatment of various soft tissue sarcomas. Other indications include treatment of osteosarcoma, bladder cancer, ovarian cancer. small cell lung cancer, and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma."	Ifosfamide requires activation by microsomal liver enzymes to active metabolites in order to exert its cytotoxic effects. Activation occurs by hydroxylation at the ring carbon atom 4 to form the unstable intermediate 4-hydroxyifosfamide. This metabolite than rapidly degrades to the stable urinary metabolite 4-ketoifosfamide. The stable urinary metabolite, 4-carboxyifosfamide, is formed upon opening of the ring. These urinary metabolites have not been found to be cytotoxic. N, N-bis (2-chloroethyl)-phosphoric acid diamide (ifosphoramide) and acrolein are also found. The major urinary metabolites, dechloroethyl ifosfamide and dechloroethyl cyclophosphamide, are formed upon enzymatic oxidation of the chloroethyl side chains and subsequent dealkylation. It is the alkylated metabolites of ifosfamide that have been shown to interact with DNA. Ifosfamide is cycle-phase nonspecific.	The exact mechanism of ifosfamide has not been determined, but appears to be similar to other alkylating agents. Ifosfamide requires biotransformation in the liver by mixed-function  oxidases (cytochrome P450 system) before it becomes active. After metabolic activation, active metabolites of ifosfamide alkylate or bind with many intracellular molecular structures, including nucleic acids. The cytotoxic action is primarily through the alkylation of DNA, done by attaching the N-7 position of guanine to its reactive electrophilic groups. The formation of inter and intra strand cross-links in the DNA results in cell death.
DCC0335	Posaconazole	CAS:171228-49-2	C37H42F2N8O4	small molecule	approved	700.7774	For prophylaxis of invasive <em>Aspergillus</em> and <em>Candida</em> infections in patients, 13 years of age and older, who are at high risk of developing these infections due to being severely immunocompromised as a result of procedures such as hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) recipients with graft-versus-host disease (GVHD), or due to hematologic malignancies with prolonged neutropenia from chemotherapy. Also for the treatment of oropharyngeal candidiasis, including oropharyngeal candidiasis refractory to itraconazole and/or fluconazole. Posaconazole is used as an alternative treatment for invasive aspergillosis, <em>Fusarium</em> infections, and zygomycosis in patients who are intolerant of, or whose disease is refractory to, other antifungals.	Posaconazole is an antifungal agent structurally related to itraconazole. It is a drug derived from itraconzaole through the replacement of the chlorine substituents with flourine in the phenyl ring, as well as hydroxylation of the triazolone side chain. These modifications enhance the potency and spectrum of activity of the drug. Posaconazole can be either fungicial or fungistatic in action.	As a triazole antifungal agent, posaconazole exerts its antifungal activity through blockage of the cytochrome P-450 dependent enzyme, sterol 14alpha-demethylase, in fungi by binding to the heme cofactor located on the enzyme. This leads to the inhibition of the synthesis of ergosterol, a key component of the fungal cell membrane, and accumulation of methylated sterol precursors. This results in inhibition of fungal cell growth and ultimately, cell death.
DCC0336	Sunitinib	CAS:557795-19-4	C22H27FN4O2	small molecule	approved	398.4738	For the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma as well as the treatment of gastrointestinal stromal tumor after disease progression on or intolerance to imatinib mesylate.	Sunitinib is an oral, small-molecule, multi-targeted receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor that was approved by the FDA on January 26, 2006.	Sunitinib is a small molecule that inhibits multiple RTKs, some of which are implicated in tumor growth, pathologic angiogenesis, and metastatic progression of cancer. Sunitinib was evaluated for its inhibitory activity against a variety of kinases (>80 kinases) and was identified as an inhibitor of platelet-derived growth factor receptors (PDGFRa and PDGFRb), vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFR1, VEGFR2 and VEGFR3), stem cell factor receptor (KIT), Fms-like tyrosine kinase-3 (FLT3), colony stimulating factor receptor Type 1 (CSF-1R), and the glial cell-line derived neurotrophic factor receptor (RET). Sunitinib inhibition of the activity of these RTKs has been demonstrated in biochemical and cellular assays, and inhibition of function has been demonstrated in cell proliferation assays. The primary metabolite exhibits similar potency compared to sunitinib in biochemical and cellular assays.
DCC0337	Hydralazine	CAS:86-54-4	C8H8N4	small molecule	approved	160.1759	For the treatment of essential hypertension, alone or as an adjunct. Also for the management of severe hypertension when the drug cannot be given orally or when blood pressure must be lowered immediately, congestive heart failure (in combination with cardiac glycosides and diuretics and/or with isosorbide dinitrate), and hypertension secondary to pre-eclampsia/eclampsia.	A vasodilator, hydralazine works by relaxing blood vessels (arterioles more than venules) and increasing the supply of blood and oxygen to the heart while reducing its workload. It also functions as an antioxidant. It inhibits membrane-bound enzymes that form reactive oxygen species, such as superoxides. Excessive superoxide counteracts NO-induced vasodilation. It is commonly used in the condition of pregnancy called preeclampsia.	"Although the precise mechanism of action of hydralazine is not fully understood, the major effects are on the cardiovascular system. Hydralazine apparently lowers blood pressure by exerting a peripheral vasodilating effect through a direct relaxation of vascular smooth muscle. It has also been suggested that cyclic 3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cyclic AMP) mediates, at least partly, the relaxation of arterial smooth muscle by altering cellular calcium metabolism, which interferes with the calcium movements within the vascular smooth muscle that are responsible for initiating or maintaining the contractile state. In hypertensive patients, the hydralazine-induced decrease in blood pressure is accompanied by increased heart rate, cardiac output, and stroke volume, probably because of a reflex response to decreased peripheral resistance. The drug has no direct effect on the heart. Hydralazine may increase pulmonary arterial pressure, as well as coronary, splanchnic, cerebral, and renal blood flow.  The preferential dilatation of arterioles, as compared to veins, minimizes postural hypotension and promotes the increase in cardiac output. Hydralazine usually increases renin activity in plasma, presumably as a result of increased secretion of renin by the renal juxtaglomerular cells in response to reflex sympathetic discharge. This increase in renin activity leads to the production of angiotensin II, which then causes stimulation of aldosterone and consequent sodium reabsorption. Tolerance to the antihypertensive effect of the drug develops during prolonged therapy, especially if a diuretic is not administered concurrently. In patients with CHF, hydralazine decreases systemic vascular resistance and increases cardiac output."
DCC0338	Bismuth Subsalicylate	CAS:14882-18-9	C7H5BiO4	small molecule	approved	362.0926	Used to treat nausea, heartburn, indigestion, upset stomach, diarrhea, and other temporary discomforts of the stomach and gastrointestinal tract.	Bismuth subsalicylate displays anti-inflammatory action (due to salicylic acid) and also acts as an antacid and mild antibiotic. It can also cause a black tongue and black stools in some users of the drug, when it combines with trace amounts of sulfur in their saliva and gastrointestinal tract. This discoloration is temporary and harmless.	As an antidiarrheal, the exact mechanism has not been determined. Bismuth subsalicylate may exert its antidiarrheal action not only by stimulating absorption of fluid and electrolytes across the intestinal wall (antisecretory action) but also, when hydrolyzed to salicylic acid, by inhibiting synthesis of a prostaglandin responsible for intestinal inflammation and hypermotility. In addition, bismuth subsalicylate binds toxins produced by Escherichia coli. Both bismuth subsalicylate and the intestinal reaction products, bismuth oxychloride and bismuth hydroxide, are believed to have bactericidal action. As an antacid, bismuth has weak antacid properties.
DCC0380	U0126	CAS:109511-58-2	C18H16N6S2	small molecule	investigational	380.09	U0126 selectively repressed anchorage-independent growth of MDA-MB231 and HBC4 cells, two lines with constitutively activated ERK.	U0126, is a highly selective inhibitor of both MEK1 and MEK2, a type of MAPK/ERK kinase. U0126 was found to functionally antagonize AP-1 transcriptional activity via noncompetitive inhibition of the dual specificity kinase MEK.	U0126 inhibited anchorage-independent growth of Ki-ras-transformed rat fibroblasts by simultaneously blocking both extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR)-p70(S6K) pathways. The effects of U0126 on the growth of eight human breast cancer cell lines shown that U0126 selectively repressed anchorage-independent growth of MDA-MB231 and HBC4 cells, two lines with constitutively activated ERK.
DCC0381	3-BROP	CAS:1113-59-3	C3H3BrO3	small molecule	approved	387.01	It has been demonstrated efficacy against a wide range of tumor types.	Inhibition of glycolysis via 3-BrOP induces growth arrest and apoptosis.	Inhibition of glycolysis via 3-BrOP induces growth arrest and apoptosis in neuroblastoma. Severe ATP depletion, BAD activation and detachment-mediated cell death (anoikis) may contribute to caspase-mediated apoptosis.
DCC0382	Sodium phenylacetate	CAS:114-70-5	C8H7NaO2	small molecule	approved	158.13	Treatment of hyper-ammonemia in urea cycle disorders.	Sodium phenylacetate is metabolically active compounds that can serve as alternatives to urea for the excretion of waste nitrogen. Phenylacetate conjugates with glutamine in the liver and kidneys to form phenylacetylglutamine, via acetylation.	Phenylacetate provides an alternative pathway for nitrogen disposal in patients without a fully functioning urea cycle.  Two moles of nitrogen are removed per mole of phenylacetate when it is conjugated with glutamine, and one mole of nitrogen is removed per mole of benzoate when it is conjugated with glycine.
DCC0383	Tribendimidine	CAS:115103-15-6	C28H32N6	small molecule	investigational	452.59	It was highly effective in treating ankylostomiasis, ascariasis and enterobiasis.	Tribendimidine, a symmetrical diamidine derivative of amidantel, is a broad-spectrum anthelmintic drug.	
DCC0384	L744832	CAS:1177806-11-9	C26H45N3O6S2	small molecule	investigational	559.78	It has been demonstrated to induce tumor regression.	Ras farnesyltransferase inhibitor. Induces tumor regression in transgenic mice with multiple oncogenic mutations by mediating alterations in both cell cycle control and apoptosis. Induces p21 expression and arrests cells at G1. Causes enhanced mitotic sensitivity to taxol.	Inhibiting Ras farnesylation to block the Ras/Raf/MEK/ERK signal.
DCC0385	Lafutidine	CAS:118288-08-7	C22H29N3O4S	small molecule	approved	431.55	Lafutidine generic is an antacid, prescribed for ulcer.	Lafutidine is a H2 receptor antagonist. Lafutidine has a receptor-binding affinity 2-80 times higher than other representative H2-receptor antagonists (e.g., famotidine, ranitidine, and cimetidine) (3). Although the PPIs also have an experimentally potent inhibitory action on gastric acid secretion, the efficacy of preoperative PPIs seems to be similar to or less than ranitidine for controlling gastric fluid acidity and volume.	Lafutidine is a second generation H2 receptor antagonist having multimodal mechanism of action. It not only suppresses gastric acid secretion, but also has cytoprotective properties by the virtue of its property to induce the collagen synthesis in the gastric mucosa.
DCC0386	Midostaurin	CAS:120685-11-2	C35H30N4O4	small molecule	investigational	570.23	PKC-412, under developmenet by Novartis, is an inhibitor of VEGFR.	A substance that is being studied in the treatment of leukemia. It belongs to the family of drugs called protein kinase inhibitors.	PKC-412, under developmenet by Novartis, is an inhibitor of VEGFR, PDGFR and multiple protein kinase Cs. Protein kinase C (PKC) is a family of serine-threonine protein kinases that are involved in signal transduction pathways that regulate cellular growth factor, proliferation, and apoptosis.
DCC0387	Arsenic sulfide	CAS:1303-33-9	As2S3	small molecule	approved	246.04	It has been investigated as treatments for acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL).	null	As2S3 could inhibit the proliferation and increase apoptosis in human HeLa cells. These effects may depend on the inhibition of the expression of COX-2 and PGE2 by As4S4.
DCC0388	Hydroquinone	CAS:123-31-9	C6H6O2	small molecule	approved	110.11	Used as a topical application in skin whitening to reduce the color of skin.	Naturally occurring or synthetic substances that inhibit or retard the oxidation of a substance to which it is added.	Hydroquinone can undergo mild oxidation to convert to benzoquinone. Reduction of quinone reverses this reaction back to hydroquinone. Hydroquinone is used as a topical application in skin whitening to reduce the color of skin as it does not have the same predisposition to cause dermatitis as metol does.
DCC0389	Discodermolide	CAS:127943-53-7	C33H55NO8	small molecule	investigational	593.39	It is a potent inhibitor of tumor cell growth and tested in phase-a trial for pancreatic cancer.	Discodermolide was initially found to have immunosuppressive and antifungal activities.	Discodermolide has been shown to inhibit the proliferation of human cells by arresting the cell cycle in G2- and M-phase. It hyper-stabilizes microtubules, especially prevalent during cell division. Hyper-stabilization of the mitotic spindle causes cell cycle arrest and cell death by apoptosis.
DCC0390	Depsipeptide	CAS:128517-07-7	C24H36N4O6S2	small molecule	approved	540.21	It is being used in the treatment of some cancers where it is thought to reactivate silenced genes. It was first observed to have a positive role on gene expression in 1990. A clinical trial was conducted in 1996 for T cell lymphoma.	This agent was shown to have broad antitumor activity in preclinical studies.	FK228 is a novel antitumor depsipeptide that inhibits histone deacetylases and restores the expression of genes aberrantly suppressed in cancer cells.
DCC0391	Magnesium pidolate	CAS:135701-98-3	C10H12MgN2O6	small molecule	approved	280.52	Electrolyte depletion (treatment): Parenteral magnesium chloride and magnesium sulfate are used in conditions that require an increase in magnesium ions for electrolyte adjustment.	Magnesium is used as a dietary supplement for individuals who are deficient in magnesium. Although a balanced diet usually supplies all the magnesium a person needs, magnesium supplements may be needed by patients who have lost magnesium because of illness or treatment with certain medicines.	
DCC0392	BQ-123	CAS:136553-81-6	C31H42N6O7Na	small molecule	investigational	633.69	It is for patients with hypertension.	BQ-123 expermentally attenuates hypoxic pulmonary hypertension in rats.	BQ-123 is an endothelin-receptor antagonist (ETA), Endothelins are proteins that constrict blood vessels and raise blood pressure. They are normally kept in balance by other mechanisms, but when they are over-expressed, they contribute to high blood pressure (hypertension) and heart disease.
DCC0393	Scopadulciol acid	CAS:136565-26-9	C27H36O4	small molecule	investigational	424.26	Scopadulciol acid remarkably potenciates the cytotoxicity of acyclovir and ganciclovir against Herpes simplex virus type 1 thymidine kinase gene-transfected HeLa cells.	Scopadulciol-related molecules are weak mediators of cancer gene therapy.	"It's action was not due to the inhibition of viral DNA polymerase activity and virus penetration, but might involve, at least in part, a virucidal effect. SDC did not suppress the viral protein synthesis of infected cells when added at an early stage of HSV-1 replication, but did when added later."
DCC0312	Naloxone	CAS:465-65-6	C19H21NO4	small molecule	approved	327.3743	For the complete or partial reversal of narcotic depression, including respiratory depression, induced by opioids including natural and synthetic narcotics, propoxyphene, methadone and the narcotic-antagonist analgesics: nalbuphine, pentazocine and butorphanol. It is also indicated for the diagnosis of suspected acute opioid overdose. It may also be used as an adjunctive agent to increase blood pressure in the management of septic shock.	Naloxone is an opiate antagonist and prevents or reverses the effects of opioids including respiratory depression, sedation and hypotension. Also, it can reverse the psychotomimetic and dysphoric effects of agonist-antagonists such as pentazocine. Naloxone is an essentially pure narcotic antagonist, i.e., it does not possess the agonistic or morphine-like properties characteristic of other narcotic antagonists; naloxone does not produce respiratory depression, psychotomimetic effects or pupillary constriction. In the absence of narcotics or agonistic effects of other narcotic antagonists, it exhibits essentially no pharmacologic activity. When given intravenously, the onset of action is apparent within 2 minutes. The onset of action is slower if given subcutaneously or intramuscularly. The duration of action also differs between sites of injection and dose.	While the mechanism of action of naloxone is not fully understood, the preponderance of evidence suggests that naloxone antagonizes the opioid effects by competing for the same receptor sites, especially the opioid mu receptor. Recently, naloxone has been shown to bind all three opioid receptors (mu, kappa and gamma) but the strongest binding is to the mu receptor.
DCC0313	Clindamycin	CAS:18323-44-9	C18H33ClN2O5S	small molecule	approved	424.983	For the treatment of serious infections caused by susceptible anaerobic bacteria, including Bacteroides spp., Peptostreptococcus, anaerobic streptococci, Clostridium spp., and microaerophilic streptococci. May be useful in polymicrobic infections such as intra-abdominal or pelvic infections, osteomyelitis, diabetic foot ulcers, aspiration pneumonia and dental infections. May also be used to treat MSSA and respiratory infections caused by S. pneumoniae and S. pyogenes in patients who are intolerant to other indicated antibiotics or who are infected with resistant organism. May be used vaginally to treat vaginosis caused by Gardnerella vaginosa. Clindamycin reduces the toxin producing effects of S. aureus and S. pyogenes and as such, may be particularly useful for treating necrotizing fasciitis. May be used topically to treat acne.	Clindamycin is an antibiotic, similar to and a derivative of lincomycin. Clindamycin can be used in topical or systemic treatment. It is effective as an anti-anaerobic antibiotic and antiprotozoal.	Systemic/vaginal clindamycin inhibits protein synthesis of bacteria by binding to the 50S ribosomal subunits of the bacteria. Specifically, it binds primarily to the 23s RNA subunit. Topical clindamycin reduces free fatty acid concentrations on the skin and suppresses the growth of Propionibacterium acnes (Corynebacterium acnes) , an anaerobe found in sebaceous glands and follicles.
DCC0314	Brinzolamide	CAS:138890-62-7	C12H21N3O5S3	small molecule	approved	383.507	For the treatment of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open-angle glaucoma.	Used in the treatment of glaucoma, brinzolamide inhibits aqueous humor formation and reduces elevated intraocular pressure. Elevated intraocular pressure is a major risk factor in the pathogenesis of optic nerve damage and glaucomatous visual field loss. Brinzolamide can decrease intraocular pressure by approximately 16-19% in patients with elevated intraocular pressure.	Brinzolamide is a highly specific inhibitor of CA-II, which is the main CA isoenzyme involved in the secretion of aqueous humor. Inhibition of CA in the ciliary process of the eye slows the formation of bicarbonate, and reduces sodium and fluid transport. This results in a reduction in the rate of aqueous humor secretion and the intraocular pressure. Brinzolamide is absorbed systemically following topical ocular administration. Since it has a high affinity for CA-II, brinzolamide binds extensively to red blood cells, where CA-II is primarily found. As sufficient CA-II activity remains, adverse effects resulting from the systemic inhibition of CA by brinzolamide are not observed. The metabolite N-desethyl brinzolamide is also formed. This metabolite binds to CA and accumulates in red blood cells as well. In the presence of brinzolamide, the metabolite binds mainly to carbonic anhydrase I (CA-I).
DCC0339	Sulfadoxine	CAS:2447-57-6	C12H14N4O4S	small molecule	approved	310.329	Sulfadoxine is used in combination with pyrimethamine for the treatment or prevention of malaria. It can also be used to treat various infections in livestock as well.Sulfadoxine and pyrimethamine is indicated for the treatment of Plasmodium falciparum malaria in those patients in whom chloroquine resistance is suspected.	Sulfadoxine helps inhibit the enzyme dihydropteroate synthetase which is an enzyme necessary in the conversion of PABA to folic acid. As folic acid is vital to the synthesis, repair, and methylation of DNA which is vital to cell growth in Plasmodium falciparum. With this vital nutrient lacking, the parasite has difficulty in reproducing.	Sulfadoxine is a sulfa drug, often used in combination with pyrimethamine  to treat malaria. This medicine may also be used to prevent malaria in people who are living in, or will be traveling to, an area where there is a chance of getting malaria. Sulfadoxine targets Plasmodium dihydropteroate synthase and dihydrofolate reductase.  Sulfa drugs or Sulfonamides are antimetabolites.  They compete with para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) for incorporation into folic acid. The action of sulfonamides exploits the difference between mammal cells and other kinds of cells in their folic acid metabolism. All cells require folic acid for growth. Folic acid (as a vitamin) diffuses or is transported into human cells. However, folic acid cannot cross bacterial (and certain protozoan) cell walls by diffusion or active transport. For this reason bacteria must synthesize folic acid from p-aminobenzoic acid.
DCC0340	Mestranol	CAS:72-33-3	C21H26O2	small molecule	approved	310.4299	Mestranol was used as one of the first oral contraceptives.	It is used as the estrogen component of many combination ORAL contraceptives.	Mestranol is the 3-methyl ether of ethinylestradiol. Ethinylestradiol, is a synthetic derivative of estradiol. Ethinylestradiol is orally bio-active and the estrogen used in almost all modern formulations of combined oral contraceptive pills.  It binds to (and activates) the estrogen receptor. Mestranol is a biologically inactive prodrug of ethinylestradiol to which it is demethylated in the liver with a conversion efficiency of 70%.Estrogens diffuse into their target cells and interact with a protein receptor. Target cells include the female reproductive tract, the mammary gland, the hypothalamus, and the pituitary. Estrogens increase the hepatic synthesis of sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), thyroid-binding globulin (TBG), and other serum proteins and suppress follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) from the anterior pituitary. The combination of an estrogen with a progestin suppresses the hypothalamic-pituitary system, decreasing the secretion of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH).
DCC0341	Sodium bicarbonate	CAS:144-55-8	CHNaO3	small molecule	approved	84.0066	Sodium bicarbonate is used for the treatment of metabolic acidosis which may occur in severe renal disease, uncontrolled diabetes, circulatory insufficiency due to shock or severe dehydration, extracorporeal circulation of blood, cardiac arrest and severe primary lactic acidosis. Also is indicated in severe diarrhea which is often accompanied by a significant loss of bicarbonate. Further indicated in the treatment of certain drug intoxications, including barbiturates (where dissociation of the barbiturateprotein complex is desired), in poisoning by salicylates or methyl alcohol and in hemolytic reactions requiring alkalinization of the urine to diminish nephrotoxicity of blood pigments.	Intravenous sodium bicarbonate therapy increases plasma bicarbonate, buffers excess hydrogen ion concentration, raises blood pH and reverses the clinical manifestations of acidosis.	Sodium bicarbonate is a systemic alkalizer, which increases plasma bicarbonate, buffers excess hydrogen ion concentration, and raises blood pH, thereby reversing the clinical manifestations of acidosis. It is also a urinary alkalizer, increasing the excretion of free bicarbonate ions in the urine, thus effectively raising the urinary pH. By maintaining an alkaline urine, the actual dissolution of uric acid stones may be accomplished. Sodium bicarbonate acts as an antacid and reacts chemically to neutralize or buffer existing quantities of stomach acid but has no direct effect on its output. This action results in increased pH value of stomach contents, thus providing relief of hyperacidity symptoms. [PharmGKB]
DCC0342	Colchicine	CAS:64-86-8	C22H25NO6	small molecule	approved	399.437	Colchicine is specifically indicated for treatment and relief of pain in attacks of acute gouty arthritis. It is also recommended for regular use between attacks as a prophylactic measure, and is often effective in aborting an attack when taken at the first sign of articular discomfort.	Colchicine is a highly poisonous alkaloid, originally extracted from plants of the genus Colchicum (Autumn crocus, also known as the Meadow saffron). Originally used to treat rheumatic complaints and especially gout, it was also prescribed for its cathartic and emetic effects. Its present medicinal use is mainly in the treatment of gout; as well, it is being investigated for its potential use as an anti-cancer drug. It can also be used as initial treatment for pericarditis and preventing recurrences of the condition.	"The precise mechanism of action has not been completely established. In patients with gout, colchicine apparently interrupts the cycle of monosodium urate crystal deposition in joint tissues and the resultant inflammatory response that initiates and sustains an acute attack. Colchicine decreases leukocyte chemotaxis and phagocytosis and inhibits the formation and release of a chemotactic glycoprotein that is produced during phagocytosis of urate crystals. Colchicine also inhibits urate crystal deposition, which is enhanced by a low pH in the tissues, probably by inhibiting oxidation of glucose and subsequent lactic acid production in leukocytes. Colchicine has no analgesic or antihyperuricemic activity. Colchicine inhibits microtubule assembly in various cells, including leukocytes, probably by binding to and interfering with polymerization of the microtubule subunit tubulin. Although some studies have found that this action probably does not contribute significantly to colchicine's antigout action, a recent in vitro study has shown that it may be at least partially involved."
DCC0343	Drospirenone	CAS:67392-87-4	C24H30O3	small molecule	approved	366.4932	For the prevention of pregnancy in women who elect an oral contraceptive.	Drospirenone differs from other synthetic progestins in that its pharmacological profile in preclinical studies shows it to be closer to the natural progesterone. As such it has anti-mineralocorticoid properties, counteracts the estrogen-stimulated activity of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, and is not androgenic.	Progestins such as drospirenone diffuse freely into target cells in the female reproductive tract, mammary gland, hypothalamus, and the pituitary and bind to the progesterone receptor. Once bound to the receptor, progestins slow the frequency of release of gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) from the hypothalamus and blunt the pre-ovulatory LH surge.
DCC0394	Aplidine	CAS:137219-37-5	C57H87N7O15	small molecule	approved	1121.66	Aplidine is a compound found in tunicates which shows promise in shrinking tumors in pancreatic, stomach, bladder, and prostate cancers. It is also under consideration as a treatment for some types of leukemia.	Aplidine is a cyclic depsipeptide, meaning it is a cyclic peptide in which there is one or more ester bond in place of one or more of a peptide bond. Its chemical structure is very close to that of didemnin B, the only difference being that the lactate residue in didemnin B is present in the oxidized pyruvate version.	Aplidine has several modes of action, including the blockade of VEGF secretion, inhibition of protein synthesis and signal transduction, and inducing G1 cell cycle arrest.
DCC0395	Pramoxine	CAS:140-65-8	C17H27NO3	small molecule	approved	293.4	Pramoxine is used to temporarily relieve pain and itching from insect bites; poison ivy, poison oak, or poison sumac; minor cuts, scrapes, or burns; minor skin irritation or rashes; or dry, itchy skin.	Pramoxine hydrochloride is a surface or local anesthetic which is not chemically related to the caine types of local anesthetics. Its unique chemical structure is likely to minimize the danger of cross-sensitivity reactions in patients allergic to other local anesthetics.	Pramoxine hydrochloride decreases the permeability of the neuronal membrane to sodium ions by reversibly binding to and inhibiting voltage-gated sodium channels. This results in stabilization of the membrane and , thereby inhibiting the ionic fluxes required for membrane depolarization, hence resulting in the failure to initiate a propagated action potential and subsequent conduction blockade.
DCC0396	LY294002	CAS:154447-36-6	C19H17NO3	small molecule	investigational	307.34	LY294002 induces G0/G1 arrest and apoptosis in many cancer cells.	LY294002 is a potent inhibitor of phosphoinositide 3-kinases. Two of them are the proto-oncogene serine/threonine-protein kinase (PIM1) and the phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase catalytic subunit gamma isoform.	Blockade of Akt signaling by the PI3K inhibitor LY294002 (1-20muM, 48h) also resulted in the growth inhibition and G0/G1 cell cycle.
DCC0397	Sodium butyrate	CAS:156-54-7	C4H7NaO2	small molecule	approved	110.03	Experimently shows activity of preventing cancer.	Butyrate is a short chain fatty acid that is a potent detoxifier of ammonia and neurotoxins.	Histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors induce growth arrest and apoptosis in a variety of human cancer cells. Sodium butyrate (NaB), a short chain fatty acid, is a HDAC inhibitor and is produced in the colonic lumen as a consequence of microbial degradation of dietary fibers.
DCC0398	Dexketoprofen	CAS:156604-79-4	C16H14O3	small molecule	approved	254.28	For short-term treatment of mild to moderate pain, including dysmenorrhoea.	Dexketoprofen belongs to a class of medicines called non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). It works by blocking the action of a substance in the body called cyclo-oxygenase. Cyclo-oxygenase is involved in the production of chemicals in the body called prostaglandins. Prostaglandins are produced in response to injury or certain diseases and would otherwise go on to cause swelling, inflammation and pain. By blocking cyclo-oxygenase, dexketoprofen prevents the production of prostaglandins and therefore reduces inflammation and pain. Along with Peripheral analgesic action it possesses central analgesic action.	A substance in the body called cyclo-oxygenase (COX) is involved in the production of various chemicals in the body, including prostaglandins. Prostaglandins are produced in response to injury and certain diseases and conditions, and cause pain, swelling and inflammation. Dexketoprofen blocks the action of COX and therefore stops production of these prostaglandins.
DCC0399	Perifosine	CAS:157716-52-4	C25H52NO4P	small molecule	investigational	461.66	For the treatment of refractory advanced colorectal cancer.	Perifosine, an orally active alkyl-phosphocholine compound with potential antineoplastic activity.	Targeting cellular membranes, perifosine modulates membrane permeability, membrane lipid composition, phospholipid metabolism, and mitogenic signal transduction, resulting in cell differentiation and inhibition of cell growth. This agent also inhibits the anti-apoptotic mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway and modulates the balance between the MAPK and pro-apoptotic stress-activated protein kinase (SAPK/JNK) pathways, thereby inducing apoptosis. Perifosine has a lower gastrointestinal toxicity profile than the related agent miltefosine.
DCC0400	Taxane	CAS:1605-68-1	null	small molecule	null	276.28	Used in treating many types of cancer.	Taxanes have been used to produce various chemotherapy drugs that inhibit or prevent the proliferation of NEOPLASMS.	The principal mechanism of the taxane class of drugs is the disruption of microtubule function. It does this by stabilizing GDP-bound tubulin in the microtubule. Microtubules are essential to cell division, and taxanes therefore stop this - a frozen mitosis. Thus, taxanes are essentially mitotic inhibitors.
DCC0401	Phorbol 12-myristate-13-acetate	CAS:16561-29-8	C36H56O8	small molecule	approved	616.83	For the treatment of tumor in clinical trials.	TPA is also commonly used together with ionomycin to stimulate T-cell activation, proliferation, and cytokine production, and is used in protocols for intracellular staining of these cytokines.	PMA is diester of phorbol and a potent tumor promoter often employed in biomedical research to activate the signal transduction enzyme protein kinase C (PKC). The effects of TPA on PKC result from its similarity to one of the natural activators of classic PKC isoforms, diacylglycerol. TPA is also being studied as a drug in the treatment of hematologic cancer. TPA is not to be confused with tPA; the former is a small molecule drug, whereas the latter is an enzyme. TPA was first found in the croton plant, a shrub found in Southeast Asia, exposure to which provokes a poison ivy-like rash.
DCC0402	PD98059	CAS:167869-21-8	C16H13NO3	small molecule	investigational	267.09	PD98059 was tested in vitro on UM-SCC-1 cell line derived from a head and neck cancer forms and significantly reduced the migration of cells from the primary tumour site.	PD98059 is a potent and selective cell permeable inhibitor of MAP kinase kinase (MEK). It selectively blocks the activation of MEK, thereby inhibiting the phosphorylation and the activation of MAP kinase.	PD98059 (MEK1 Inhibitor) has been shown to act in vivo as a highly selective inhibitor of MEK1 activation and the MAP kinase cascade. PD98059 binds to the inactive forms of MEK1 and prevents activation by upstream activators such as c-Raf. MEK1 and MEK2, also called MAPK or Erk kinases, are dual-specificity protein kinases that function in a mitogen activated protein kinase cascade controlling cell growth and differentiation.
DCC0403	Tegafur	CAS:82294-77-7	C8H9FN2O3	samll molecule	investigational	200.16	Tegafur-uracil is a chemotherapy drug used in the treatment of cancer, primarily bowel cancer. It is also called UFT or UFUR.		The tegafur is taken up by the cancer cells and breaks down into 5-FU, a substance that kills tumor cells. The uracil causes higher amounts of 5-FU to stay inside the cells and kill them.
DCC0315	Captopril	CAS:62571-86-2	C9H15NO3S	small molecule	approved	217.285	For the treatment of essential or renovascular hypertension (usually administered with other drugs, particularly thiazide diuretics). May be used to treat congestive heart failure in combination with other drugs (e.g. cardiac glycosides, diuretics, beta-adrenergic blockers). May improve survival in patients with left ventricular dysfunction following myocardial infarction. May be used to treat nephropathy, including diabetic nephropathy.	Captopril, an ACE inhibitor, antagonizes the effect of the RAAS. The RAAS is a homeostatic mechanism for regulating hemodynamics, water and electrolyte balance. During sympathetic stimulation or when renal blood pressure or blood flow is reduced, renin is released from the granular cells of the juxtaglomerular apparatus in the kidneys. In the blood stream, renin cleaves circulating angiotensinogen to ATI, which is subsequently cleaved to ATII by ACE. ATII increases blood pressure using a number of mechanisms. First, it stimulates the secretion of aldosterone from the adrenal cortex. Aldosterone travels to the distal convoluted tubule (DCT) and collecting tubule of nephrons where it increases sodium and water reabsorption by increasing the number of sodium channels and sodium-potassium ATPases on cell membranes. Second, ATII stimulates the secretion of vasopressin (also known as antidiuretic hormone or ADH) from the posterior pituitary gland. ADH stimulates further water reabsorption from the kidneys via insertion of aquaporin-2 channels on the apical surface of cells of the DCT and collecting tubules. Third, ATII increases blood pressure through direct arterial vasoconstriction. Stimulation of the Type 1 ATII receptor on vascular smooth muscle cells leads to a cascade of events resulting in myocyte contraction and vasoconstriction. In addition to these major effects, ATII induces the thirst response via stimulation of hypothalamic neurons. ACE inhibitors inhibit the rapid conversion of ATI to ATII and antagonize RAAS-induced increases in blood pressure. ACE (also known as kininase II) is also involved in the enzymatic deactivation of bradykinin, a vasodilator. Inhibiting the deactivation of bradykinin increases bradykinin levels and may sustain its effects by causing increased vasodilation and decreased blood pressure.	There are two isoforms of ACE: the somatic isoform, which exists as a glycoprotein comprised of a single polypeptide chain of 1277; and the testicular isoform, which has a lower molecular mass and is thought to play a role in sperm maturation and binding of sperm to the oviduct epithelium. Somatic ACE has two functionally active domains, N and C, which arise from tandem gene duplication. Although the two domains have high sequence similarity, they play distinct physiological roles. The C-domain is predominantly involved in blood pressure regulation while the N-domain plays a role in hematopoietic stem cell differentiation and proliferation. ACE inhibitors bind to and inhibit the activity of both domains, but have much greater affinity for and inhibitory activity against the C-domain. Captopril, one of the few ACE inhibitors that is not a prodrug, competes with ATI for binding to ACE and inhibits and enzymatic proteolysis of ATI to ATII. Decreasing ATII levels in the body decreases blood pressure by inhibiting the pressor effects of ATII as described in the Pharmacology section above. Captopril also causes an increase in plasma renin activity likely due to a loss of feedback inhibition mediated by ATII on the release of renin and/or stimulation of reflex mechanisms via baroreceptors. Captopril_¿_s affinity for ACE is approximately 30,000 times greater than that of ATI.
DCC0316	Levetiracetam	CAS:102767-28-2	C8H14N2O2	small molecule	approved	170.209	Used as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial onset seizures in adults and children 4 years of age and older with epilepsy.	Levetiracetam is a new antiepileptic drug, structurally and mechanistically dissimilar to other marketed antiepileptic drugs.	The precise mechanism(s) by which levetiracetam exerts its antiepileptic effect is unknown. The antiepileptic activity of levetiracetam was assessed in a number of animal models of epileptic seizures. Levetiracetam did not inhibit single seizures induced by maximal stimulation with electrical current or different chemoconvulsants and showed only minimal activity in submaximal stimulation and in threshold tests. Protection was observed, however, against secondarily generalized activity from focal seizures induced by pilocarpine and kainic acid, two chemoconvulsants that induce seizures that mimic some features of human complex partial seizures with secondary generalization. Levetiracetam also displayed inhibitory properties in the kindling model in rats, another model of human complex partial seizures, both during kindling development and in the fully kindled state. The predictive value of these animal models for specific types of human epilepsy is uncertain. Levetiracetam is thought to stimulate synaptic vesicle protein 2A (SV2A), inhibiting neurotransmitter release.
DCC0317	Nadolol	CAS:42200-33-9	C17H27NO4	small molecule	approved	309.4006	Long-term management of angina (chest pain). It is also used alone or with other medicines to treat high blood pressure.	Nadolol is a nonselective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist with a long half-life, and is structurally similar to propranolol. Clinical pharmacology studies have demonstrated beta-blocking activity by showing (1) reduction in heart rate and cardiac output at rest and on exercise, (2) reduction of systolic and diastolic blood pressure at rest and on exercise, (3) inhibition of isoproterenol-induced tachycardia, and (4) reduction of reflex orthostatic tachycardia. Nadolol has no intrinsic sympathomimetic activity and, unlike some other beta-adrenergic blocking agents, nadolol has little direct myocardial depressant activity and does not have an anesthetic-like membrane-stabilizing action.	Like other beta-adrenergic antagonists, nadolol competes with adrenergic neurotransmitters such as catecholamines for binding at sympathetic receptor sites. Like propranolol and timolol, nadolol binds at beta(1)-adrenergic receptors in the heart and vascular smooth muscle, inhibiting the effects of the catecholamines epinephrine and norepinephrine and decreasing heart rate, cardiac output, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure. It also blocks beta-2 adrenergic receptors located in bronchiole smooth muscle, causing vasoconstriction. By binding beta-2 receptors in the juxtaglomerular apparatus, nadolol inhibits the production of renin, thereby inhibiting angiotensin II and aldosterone production. Nadolol therefore inhibits the vasoconstriction and water retention due to angiotensin II and aldosterone, respectively.
DCC0126	Vincristine	CAS:57-22-7	C46H56N4O10	small molecule	approved	824.9576	"For treatment of acute leukaemia, malignant lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease, acute erythraemia, acute panmyelosis."	"Vincristine is a vinca alkaloid antineoplastic agent used as a treatment for various cancers including breast cancer, Hodgkin's disease, Kaposi's sarcoma, and testicular cancer. The vinca alkaloids are structurally similar compounds comprised of 2 multiringed units, vindoline and catharanthine. The vinca alkaloids have become clinically useful since the discovery of their antitumour properties in 1959. Initially, extracts of the periwinkle plant (Catharanthus roseus) were investigated because of putative hypoglycemic properties, but were noted to cause marrow suppression in rats and antileukemic effects <i>in vitro</i>. Vincristine binds to the microtubular proteins of the mitotic spindle, leading to crystallization of the microtubule and mitotic arrest or cell death. Vincristine has some immunosuppressant effect. The vinca alkaloids are considered to be cell cycle phase-specific."	The antitumor activity of Vincristine is thought to be due primarily to inhibition of mitosis at metaphase through its interaction with tubulin. Like other vinca alkaloids, Vincristine may also interfere with: 1) amino acid, cyclic AMP, and glutathione metabolism, 2) calmodulin-dependent Ca<sup>2+</sup>-transport ATPase activity, 3) cellular respiration, and 4) nucleic acid and lipid biosynthesis.
DCC0127	Benazepril	CAS:86541-75-5	C24H28N2O5	small molecule	approved	424.4895	For the treatment of hypertension. It may be used alone or in combination with thiazide diuretics.	Benazepril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, is a prodrug which, when hydrolyzed by estarases to its active Benazeprilat, is used to treat hypertension and heart failure, to reduce proteinuria and renal disease in patients with nephropathies, and to prevent stroke, myocardial infarction, and cardiac death in high-risk patients. Benazepril and Benazeprilat inhibit angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) in human subjects and animals. ACE is a peptidyl dipeptidase that catalyzes the conversion of angiotensin I to the vasoconstrictor substance, angiotensin II. Angiotensin II also stimulates aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex.	Benazeprilat, the active metabolite of Benazepril, competes with angiotensin I for binding at the angiotensin-converting enzyme, blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. Inhibition of ACE results in decreased plasma angiotensin II. As angiotensin II is a vasoconstrictor and a negative-feedback mediator for renin activity, lower concentrations result in a decrease in blood pressure and stimulation of baroreceptor reflex mechanisms, which leads to decreased vasopressor activity and to decreased aldosterone secretion. Benazeprilat may also act on kininase II, an enzyme identical to ACE that degrades the vasodilator bradykinin.
DCC0128	Fluorouracil	CAS:51-21-8	C4H3FN2O2	small molecule	approved	130.0772	For the topical treatment of multiple actinic or solar keratoses. In the 5% strength it is also useful in the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinomas when conventional methods are impractical, such as with multiple lesions or difficult treatment sites. Fluorouracil injection is indicated in the palliative management of some types of cancer, including colon, esophageal, gastric, rectum, breast, biliary tract, stomach, head and neck, cervical, pancreas, renal cell, and carcinoid.	Fluorouracil is an antineoplastic anti-metabolite. Anti-metabolites masquerade as purine or pyrimidine - which become the building blocks of DNA. They prevent these substances from becoming incorporated into DNA during the S phase (of the cell cycle), stopping normal development and division. Fluorouracil blocks an enzyme which converts the cytosine nucleotide into the deoxy derivative. In addition, DNA synthesis is further inhibited because Fluorouracil blocks the incorporation of the thymidine nucleotide into the DNA strand.	The precise mechanism of action has not been fully determined, but the main mechanism of fluorouracil is thought to be the binding of the deoxyribonucleotide of the drug (FdUMP) and the folate cofactor, 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate, to thymidylate synthase (TS) to form a covalently bound ternary complex. This results in the inhibition of the formation of thymidylate from uracil, which leads to the inhibition of DNA and RNA synthesis and cell death. Fluorouracil can also be incorporated into RNA in place of uridine triphosphate (UTP), producing a fraudulent RNA and interfering with RNA processing and protein synthesis.
DCC0129	Lamotrigine	CAS:84057-84-1	C9H7Cl2N5	small molecule	approved	256.091	For the adjunctive treatment of partial seizures in epilepsy and generalized seizures of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Also for the maintenance treatment of bipolar I disorder and depression.	Lamotrigine, an antiepileptic drug (AED) of the phenyltriazine class, is chemically unrelated to existing antiepileptic drugs. Lamotrigine is also used in the treatment of depression and bipolar disorder. Lamotrigine is thought to exert its anticonvulsant effect by stabilizing presynaptic neuronal membranes. Lamotrigine inhibits sodium currents by selectively binding to the inactivated state of the sodium channel and subsequently suppresses the release of the excilatory amino acid, glutamate.	One proposed mechanism of action of Lamotrigine, the relevance of which remains to be established in humans, involves an effect on sodium channels. <i>in vitro</i> pharmacological studies suggest that lamotrigine inhibits voltage-sensitive sodium channels and/or calcium channels, thereby stabilizing neuronal membranes and consequently modulating presynaptic transmitter release of excitatory amino acids (e.g., glutamate and aspartate). Studies on lamotrigine show binding to sodium channels similar to local anesthetics.
DCC0159	Nystatin	CAS:1400-61-9	C47H75NO17	small molecule	approved	926.0949	For treatment of cutaneous or mucocutaneous mycotic infections caused by Candida species	Nystatin is an antibiotic which is both fungistatic and fungicidal in vitro against a wide variety of yeasts and yeast-like fungi, including <i>Candida albicans</i>, <i>C. parapsilosis</i>, <i>C. tropicalis</i>, <i>C. guilliermondi</i>, <i>C. pseudotropicalis</i>, <i>C. krusei</i>, <i>Torulopsis glabrata</i>, <i>Tricophyton rubrum</i>, <i>T. mentagrophytes</i>. Nystatin acts by binding to sterols in the cell membrane of susceptible species resulting in a change in membrane permeability and the subsequent leakage of intracellular components. On repeated subculturing with increasing levels of nystatin, <i>Candida albicans</i> does not develop resistance to nystatin. Generally, resistance to nystatin does not develop during therapy. However, other species of Candida (<i>C. tropicalis</i>, <i>C. guilliermondi</i>, <i>C. krusei</i>, and <i>C. stellatoides</i>) become quite resistant on treatment with nystatin and simultaneously become cross resistant to amphotericin as well. This resistance is lost when the antibiotic is removed. Nystatin exhibits no appreciable activity against bacteria, protozoa, or viruses.	Nystatin exerts its antifungal activity by binding to ergosterol found in fungal cell membranes. Binding to ergosterol causes the formation of pores in the membrane. Potassium and other cellular constituents leak from the pores causing cell death.
DCC0160	Propoxyphene	CAS:469-62-5	C22H29NO2	small molecule	withdrawn	339.4712	It is indicated for the relief of mild to moderate pain.	Propoxyphene, a synthetic opiate agonist, is structurally similar to methadone. Its general pharmacologic properties are those of the opiates as a group. The analgesic effect of propoxyphene is due to the d-isomer, dextropropoxyphene. It binds to the opiate receptors and leads to a decrease of the perception of pain stimuli. Propoxyphene possesses little to no antitussive activity and no antipyretic action.	Propoxyphene acts as a weak agonist at OP1, OP2, and OP3 opiate receptors within the central nervous system (CNS). Propoxyphene primarily affects OP3 receptors, which are coupled with G-protein receptors and function as modulators, both positive and negative, of synaptic transmission via G-proteins that activate effector proteins. Binding of the opiate stimulates the exchange of GTP for GDP on the G-protein complex. As the effector system is adenylate cyclase and cAMP located at the inner surface of the plasma membrane, opioids decrease intracellular cAMP by inhibiting adenylate cyclase. Subsequently, the release of nociceptive neurotransmitters such as substance P, GABA, dopamine, acetylcholine, and noradrenaline is inhibited. Opioids such as propoxyphene also inhibit the release of vasopressin, somatostatin, insulin, and glucagon. Opioids close N-type voltage-operated calcium channels (OP2-receptor agonist) and open calcium-dependent inwardly rectifying potassium channels (OP3 and OP1 receptor agonist). This results in hyperpolarization and reduced neuronal excitability.
DCC0161	Stavudine	CAS:3056-17-5	C10H12N2O4	small molecule	approved	224.2133	For the treatment of human immunovirus (HIV) infections.	"Stavudine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) with activity against Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1). Stavudine is phosphorylated to active metabolites that compete for incorporation into viral DNA. They inhibit the HIV reverse transcriptase enzyme competitively and act as a chain terminator of DNA synthesis. The lack of a 3'-OH group in the incorporated nucleoside analogue prevents the formation of the 5' to 3' phosphodiester linkage essential for DNA chain elongation, and therefore, the viral DNA growth is terminated."	Stavudine inhibits the activity of HIV-1 reverse transcriptase (RT) both by competing with the natural substrate dGTP and by its incorporation into viral DNA.
DCC0157	Simvastatin	CAS:79902-63-9	C25H38O5	small molecule	approved	418.5662	For the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and for the reduction in the risk of cardiac heart disease mortality and cardiovascular events. It can also be used in adolescent patients for the treatment of heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia.	Simvastatin, the methylated form of lovastatin, is an oral antilipemic agent which inhibits HMG-CoA reductase. Simvastatin is used in the treatment of primary hypercholesterolemia and is effective in reducing total and LDL-cholesterol as well as plasma triglycerides and apolipoprotein B.	Simvastatin is a prodrug in which the 6-membered lactone ring of simvastatin is hydrolyzed <i>in vivo</i> to generate the beta,delta-dihydroxy acid, an active metabolite structurally similar to HMG-CoA (hydroxymethylglutaryl CoA). Once hydrolyzed, simvastatin competes with HMG-CoA for HMG-CoA reductase, a hepatic microsomal enzyme. Interference with the activity of this enzyme reduces the quantity of mevalonic acid, a precursor of cholesterol.
DCC0158	Pemetrexed	CAS:150399-23-8	C20H21N5O6	small molecule	approved	427.4106	Used in combination with cisplatin for the treatment of malignant pleural mesothelioma in adults whose disease is unresectable or who otherwise are not candidates for potentially curative surgery. Also used as a monotherapy for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) after prior chemotherapy	Preclinical studies have shown that pemetrexed inhibits the in vitro growth of mesothelioma cell lines (MSTO-211H, NCI-H2052). Studies with the MSTO-211H mesothelioma cell line showed synergistic effects when pemetrexed was combined concurrently with cisplatin.	Pemetrexed is an antifolate containing the pyrrolopyrimidine-based nucleus that exerts its antineoplastic activity by disrupting folate-dependent metabolic processes essential for cell replication. In vitro studies have shown that pemetrexed inhibits thymidylate synthase (TS), dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR), and glycinamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase (GARFT), all folate-dependent enzymes involved in the de novo biosynthesis of thymidine and purine nucleotides. Pemetrexed is transported into cells by both the reduced folate carrier and membrane folate binding protein transport systems. Once in the cell, pemetrexed is converted to polyglutamate forms by the enzyme folylpolyglutamate synthetase. The polyglutamate forms are retained in cells and are inhibitors of TS and GARFT. Polyglutamation is a time- and concentration-dependent process that occurs in tumor cells and, to a lesser extent, in normal tissues. Polyglutamated metabolites have an increased intracellular half-life resulting in prolonged drug action in malignant cells.
DCC0188	Meropenem	CAS:119478-56-7	C17H25N3O5S	small molecule	approved	383.463	For use as single agent therapy for the treatment of the following infections when caused by susceptible isolates of the designated microorganisms: complicated skin and skin structure infections due to <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i> (b-lactamase and non-b-lactamase producing, methicillin-susceptible isolates only), <i>Streptococcus pyogenes</i>, <i>Streptococcus agalactiae</i>, viridans group streptococci, <i>Enterococcus faecalis</i> (excluding vancomycin-resistant isolates), <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i>, <i>Escherichia coli</i>, <i>Proteus mirabilis</i>, <i>Bacteroides fragilis</i> and <i>Peptostreptococcus</i> species; complicated appendicitis and peritonitis caused by viridans group streptococci, <i>Escherichia coli</i>, <i>Klebsiella pneumoniae</i>, <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i>, <i>Bacteroides fragilis</i>, <i>B. thetaiotaomicron</i>, and <i>Peptostreptococcus</i> species. Also for use in the treatment of bacterial meningitis caused by <i>Streptococcus pneumoniae</i>, <i>Haemophilus influenzae</i> (b-lactamase and non-b-lactamase-producing isolates), and <i>Neisseria meningitidis</i>.	Meropenem is a broad-spectrum carbapenem antibiotic. It is active against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. Meropenem exerts its action by penetrating bacterial cells readily and interfering with the synthesis of vital cell wall components, which leads to cell death.	The bactericidal activity of meropenem results from the inhibition of cell wall synthesis. Meropenem readily penetrates the cell wall of most Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria to reach penicillin-binding- protein (PBP) targets. Its strongest affinities are toward PBPs 2, 3 and 4 of <i>Escherichia coli</i> and <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i>; and PBPs 1, 2 and 4 of <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i>.
DCC0189	Irinotecan	CAS:100286-90-6	C33H38N4O6	small molecule	approved	586.678	For the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer (first-line therapy when administered with 5-fluorouracil and leucovorin). Also used in combination with cisplatin for the treatment of extensive small cell lung cancer. Irinotecan is currently under investigation for the treatment of metastatic or recurrent cervical cancer.	"Irinotecan is an antineoplastic enzyme inhibitor primarily used in the treatment of colorectal cancer. Irinotecan is a semisynthetic derivative of camptothecin. Camptothecins interact specifically with topoisomerase I, an enzyme in the cell nucleus that regulates DNA topology and facilitates nuclear processes such as DNA replication, recombination, and repair. During these processes, topoisomerase I relieves torsional strain in DNA by inducing reversible single-strand breaks, allowing single DNA strands to pass through the break. The 3'-DNA terminus of the broken DNA strands bind covalently with the topoisomerase enzyme to form a catalytic intermediate called a cleavable complex. After the DNA is sufficiently relaxed and the strand passage reaction is complete, DNA topoisomerase reattaches the broken DNA strands to form the chemically unaltered topoisomers that allow transcription to proceed. Irinotecan and its active metabolite SN-38 bind to the topoisomerase I-DNA complex and prevent religation of these single-strand breaks. Current research suggests that the cytotoxicity of irinotecan is due to double-strand DNA damage produced during DNA synthesis when replication enzymes interact with the ternary complex formed by topoisomerase I, DNA, and either Irinotecan or SN-38. Mammalian cells cannot efficiently repair these double-strand breaks. The precise contribution of SN-38 to the activity of irinotecan in humans is not known. Irinotecan is cell cycle phase-specific (S-phase)."	Irinotecan inhibits the action of topoisomerase I. Irinotecan prevents religation of the DNA strand by binding to topoisomerase I-DNA complex. The formation of this ternary complex interferes with the moving replication fork, which induces replication arrest and lethal double-stranded breaks in DNA. As a result, DNA damage is not efficiently repaired and apoptosis (programmed cell death) occurs.
DCC0190	Clavulanate	CAS:58001-44-8	C8H9NO5	small molecule	approved	199.1608	For use with Amoxicillin, clavulanic acid is suitable for the treatment of infections with <i>Staph. aureus</i> and <i>Bacteroides fragilis</i>, or with beta-lactamase producing <i>H. influenzae</i> and <i>E. coli</i>.	Clavulanic acid, produced by the fermentation of <i>Streptomyces Clavuligerus</i>, is a beta-lactam structurally related to the penicillins. Clavulanic acid is used in conjunction with amoxicillin for the treatment of bronchitis and urinary tract, skin, and soft tissue infections caused by beta-lactamase producing organisms.	Clavulanic acid competitively and irreversibly inhibits a wide variety of beta-lactamases, commonly found in microorganisms resistant to penicillins and cephalosporins. Binding and irreversibly inhibiting the beta-lactamase results in a restauration of the antimicrobial activity of beta-lactam antibiotics against lactamase-secreting-resistant bacteria. By inactivating beta-lactamase (the bacterial resistance protein), the accompanying penicillin/cephalosporin drugs may be made more potent as well.
DCC0191	Etoposide	CAS:33419-42-0	C29H32O13	small molecule	approved	588.5566	For use in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents in the treatment of refractory testicular tumors and as first line treatment in patients with small cell lung cancer. Also used to treat other malignancies such as lymphoma, non-lymphocytic leukemia, and glioblastoma multiforme.	Etoposide is an antineoplastic agent and an epipodophyllotoxin (a semisynthetic derivative of the podophyllotoxins). It inhibits DNA topoisomerase II, thereby ultimately inhibiting DNA synthesis. Etoposide is cell cycle dependent and phase specific, affecting mainly the S and G2 phases. Two different dose-dependent responses are seen. At high concentrations (10 &micro;g/mL or more), lysis of cells entering mitosis is observed. At low concentrations (0.3 to 10 &micro;g/mL), cells are inhibited from entering prophase. It does not interfere with microtubular assembly. The predominant macromolecular effect of etoposide appears to be the induction of DNA strand breaks by an interaction with DNA-topoisomerase II or the formation of free radicals.	Etoposide inhibits DNA topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA re-ligation. This causes critical errors in DNA synthesis at the premitotic stage of cell division and can lead to apoptosis of the cancer cell. Etoposide is cell cycle dependent and phase specific, affecting mainly the S and G2 phases of cell division. Inhibition of the topoisomerase II alpha isoform results in the anti-tumour activity of etoposide. The drug is also capable of inhibiting the beta isoform but inhibition of this target is not associated with the anti-tumour activity. It is instead associated with the carcinogenic effect.
DCC0217	Ranitidine	CAS:66357-35-5	C13H22N4O3S	small molecule	approved	314.404	Used in the treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD), dyspepsia, stress ulcer prophylaxis, and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD).	Ranitidine is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist similar to cimetidine and famotidine. An H2-receptor antagonist, often shortened to H2 antagonist, is a drug used to block the action of histamine on parietal cells in the stomach, decreasing acid production by these cells. These drugs are used in the treatment of dyspepsia, however their use has waned since the advent of the more effective proton pump inhibitors. Like the H1-antihistamines, the H2 antagonists are inverse agonists rather than true receptor antagonists.	The H2 antagonists are competitive inhibitors of histamine at the parietal cell H2 receptor. They suppress the normal secretion of acid by parietal cells and the meal-stimulated secretion of acid. They accomplish this by two mechanisms: histamine released by ECL cells in the stomach is blocked from binding on parietal cell H2 receptors which stimulate acid secretion, and other substances that promote acid secretion (such as gastrin and acetylcholine) have a reduced effect on parietal cells when the H2 receptors are blocked.
DCC0218	Tacrolimus	CAS:104987-11-3	C44H69NO12	small molecule	approved	804.0182	"For use after allogenic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so the risk of organ rejection. It was first approved by the FDA in 1994 for use in liver transplantation, this has been extended to include kidney, heart, small bowel, pancreas, lung, trachea, skin, cornea, and limb transplants. It has also been used in a topical preparation in the treatment of severe atopic dermatitis."	Tacrolimus is a macrolide antibiotic. It acts by reducing peptidyl-prolyl isomerase activity by binding to the immunophilin FKBP-12 (FK506 binding protein) creating a new complex. This inhibits both T-lymphocyte signal transduction and IL-2 transcription. Although this activity is similar to cyclosporine studies have shown that the incidence of acute rejection is reduced by tacrolimus use over cyclosporine. Tacrolimus has also been shown to be effective in the topical treatment of eczema, particularly atopic eczema. It suppresses inflammation in a similar way to steroids, but is not as powerful. An important dermatological advantage of tacrolimus is that it can be used directly on the face; topical steroids cannot be used on the face, as they thin the skin dramatically there. On other parts of the body, topical steroid are generally a better treatment.	The mechanism of action of tacrolimus in atopic dermatitis is not known. While the following have been observed, the clinical significance of these observations in atopic dermatitis is not known. It has been demonstrated that tacrolimus inhibits T-lymphocyte activation by first binding to an intracellular protein, FKBP-12. A complex of tacrolimus-FKBP-12, calcium, calmodulin, and calcineurin is then formed and the phosphatase activity of calcineurin is inhibited. This prevents the dephosphorylation and translocation of nuclear factor of activated T-cells (NF-AT), a nuclear component thought to initiate gene transcription for the formation of lymphokines. Tacrolimus also inhibits the transcription for genes which encode IL-3, IL-4, IL-5, GM-CSF, and TNF-, all of which are involved in the early stages of T-cell activation. Additionally, tacrolimus has been shown to inhibit the release of pre-formed mediators from skin mast cells and basophils, and to downregulate the expression of FceRI on Langerhans cells.
DCC0219	Dorzolamide	CAS:120279-96-1	C10H16N2O4S3	small molecule	approved	324.44	For the treatment of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open-angle glaucoma. Also used prophylatically for the inhibition of perioperative IOP increase (before neodynium yttrium aluminum garnet laser posterior capsulotomy).	Dorzolamide is topical CA inhibitor that is indicated for the reduction of elevated IOP in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension who are insufficiently responsive to beta-blockers. Dorzolamide reduces IOP by approximately 17-23% in patients with elevater IOP.	Dorzolamide is a sulfonamide and a highly specific carbonic anhydrase II (CA-II) inhibitor, which is the main CA isoenzyme involved in aqueous humor secretion. Inhibition of CA-II in the ciliary processes of the eye decreases aqueous humor secretion, presumably by slowing the formation of bicarbonate ions with subsequent reduction in sodium and fluid transport. Dorzolamide also accumulates in red blood cells as a result of CA-II binding, as CA-II is found predominantly in erythrocytes. However, sufficient CA-II activity remains so that adverse effects due to systemic CA inhibition are not observed.
DCC0130	Tigecycline	CAS:220620-09-7	C29H39N5O8	small molecule	approved	585.6487	For the treatment of infections caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms in the following conditions: Complicated skin and skin structure infections caused by <i>Escherichia coli</i>, <i>Enterococcus faecalis</i> (vancomycin-susceptible isolates only), <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i> (methicillin-susceptible and -resistant isolates), <i>Streptococcus agalactiae</i>, <i>Streptococcus anginosus</i> grp. (includes <i>S. anginosus</i>, <i>S. intermedius</i>, and <i>S. constellatus</i>), <i>Streptococcus pyogenes</i> and <i>Bacteroides fragilis</i>. Complicated intra-abdominal infections caused by <i>Citrobacter freundii</i>, <i>Enterobacter cloacae</i>, <i>Escherichia coli</i>, <i>Klebsiella oxytoca</i>, <i>Klebsiella pneumoniae</i>, <i>Enterococcus faecalis</i> (vancomycin-susceptible isolates only), <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i> (methicillin-susceptible isolates only), <i>Streptococcus anginosus</i> grp. (includes <i>S. anginosus</i>, <i>S. intermedius</i>, and <i>S. constellatus</i>), <i>Bacteroides fragilis</i>, <i>Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron</i>, <i>Bacteroides uniformis</i>, <i>Bacteroides vulgatus</i>, <i>Clostridium perfringens</i>, and <i>Peptostreptococcus micros</i>.	Tigecycline is the first clinically-available drug in a new class of antibiotics called the glycylcyclines. Glycylcyclines are a new class of antibiotics derived from tetracycline. These tetracycline analogues are specifically designed to overcome two common mechanisms of tetracycline resistance, namely resistance mediated by acquired efflux pumps and/or ribosomal protection. Glycylcycline antibiotics have a similar mechanism of action as tetracycline antibiotics. Both classes of antibiotics bind to the 30S ribosomal subunit to prevent the amino-acyl tRNA from binding to the A site of the ribosome. However, the glycylcyclines appear to bind more effectively than the tetracyclines.	Tigecycline, a glycylcycline, inhibits protein translation in bacteria by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit and blocking entry of amino-acyl tRNA molecules into the A site of the ribosome. This prevents incorporation of amino acid residues into elongating peptide chains. Tigecycline carries a glycylamido moiety attached to the 9-position of minocycline. The substitution pattern is not present in any naturally occurring or semisynthetic tetracycline and imparts certain microbiologic properties to tigecycline. Tigecycline is not affected by the two major tetracycline resistance mechanisms, ribosomal protection and efflux. Accordingly, tigecycline has demonstrated in vitro and in vivo activity against a broad spectrum of bacterial pathogens. There has been no cross resistance observed between tigecycline and other antibiotics. Tigecycline is not affected by resistance mechanisms such as beta-lactamases (including extended spectrum beta-lactamases), target site modifications, macrolide efflux pumps or enzyme target changes (e.g. gyrase/topoisomerase). In vitro studies have not demonstrated antagonism between tigecycline and other commonly used antibacterial drugs. In general, tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic.
DCC0131	Methotrexate	CAS:59-05-2	C20H22N8O5	small molecule	approved	454.4393	Methotrexate is indicated in the treatment of gestational choriocarcinoma, chorioadenoma destruens and hydatidiform mole. In acute lymphocytic leukemia, methotrexate is indicated in the prophylaxis of meningeal leukemia and is used in maintenance therapy in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents.  Methotrexate is also indicated in the treatment of meningeal leukemia. Methotrexate is used alone or in combination with other anticancer agents in the treatment of breast cancer, epidermoid cancers of the head and neck, advanced mycosis fungoides (cutaneous T cell lymphoma), and lung cancer, particularly squamous cell and small cell types.  Methotrexate is also used in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents in the treatment of advanced stage non-Hodgkin_¿_s lymphomas. Methotrexate is indicated in the symptomatic control of severe, recalcitrant, disabling psoriasis. Methotrexate is indicated in the management of selected adults with severe, active rheumatoid arthritis (ACR criteria), or children with active polyarticular-course juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.	Methotrexate is an antineoplastic anti-metabolite. Anti-metabolites masquerade as purine or pyrimidine - which become the building blocks of DNA. They prevent these substances becoming incorporated in to DNA during the S phase (of the cell cycle), stopping normal development and division. Methotrexate inhibits folic acid reductase which is responsible for the conversion of folic acid to tetrahydrofolic acid. At two stages in the biosynthesis of purines and at one stage in the synthesis of pyrimidines, one-carbon transfer reactions occur which require specific coenzymes synthesized in the cell from tetrahydrofolic acid. Tetrahydrofolic acid itself is synthesized in the cell from folic acid with the help of an enzyme, folic acid reductase. Methotrexate looks a lot like folic acid to the enzyme, so it binds to it quite strongly and inhibits the enzyme. Thus, DNA synthesis cannot proceed because the coenzymes needed for one-carbon transfer reactions are not produced from tetrahydrofolic acid because there is no tetrahydrofolic acid. Methotrexate selectively affects the most rapidly dividing cells (neoplastic and psoriatic cells). Methotrexate is also indicated in the management of severe, active, classical, or definite rheumatoid arthritis.	Methotrexate anti-tumor activity is a result of the inhibition of folic acid reductase, leading to inhibition of DNA synthesis and inhibition of cellular replication. The mechanism involved in its activity against rheumatoid arthritis is not known.
DCC0132	Carbamazepine	CAS:298-46-4	C15H12N2O	small molecule	approved	236.2686	For the treatment of epilepsy and pain associated with true trigeminal neuralgia.	Carbamazepine, an anticonvulsant structurally similar to tricyclic antidepressants, is used to treat partial seizures, tonic-clonic seizures, pain of neurologic origin such as trigeminal neuralgia, and psychiatric disorders including manic-depressive illness and aggression due to dementia. The response to carbamazepine is variable and may be due to its variable transport, especially across the blood-brain-barrier. The transporter that may confer drug resistance is RALBP1.	Carbamazepine inhibits sustained repetitive firing by blocking use-dependent sodium channels. Pain relief is believed to be associated with blockade of synaptic transmission in the trigeminal nucleus and seizure control with reduction of post-tetanic potentiation of synaptic transmission in the spinal cord. Carbamazepine also possesses anticholinergic, central antidiuretic, antiarrhythmic, muscle relaxant, antidepressant (possibly through blockade of norepinephrine release), sedative, and neuromuscular-blocking properties.
DCC0162	Leucovorin	CAS:1492-18-8	C20H23N7O7	small molecule	approved	473.4393	For the treatment of osteosarcoma (after high dose methotrexate therapy). Used to diminish the toxicity and counteract the effects of impaired methotrexate elimination and of inadvertent overdosages of folic acid antagonists, and to treat megaloblastic anemias due to folic acid deficiency. Also used in combination with 5-fluorouracil to prolong survival in the palliative treatment of patients with advanced colorectal cancer.	Leucovorin is one of several active, chemically reduced derivatives of folic acid. It is useful as an antidote to drugs which act as folic acid antagonists. Leucovorin is a mixture of the diastereoisomers of the 5-formyl derivative of tetrahydrofolic acid (THF). The biologically active compound of the mixture is the (-)-l-isomer, known as Citrovorum factor or (-)-folinic acid. Leucovorin does not require reduction by the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase in order to participate in reactions utilizing folates as a source of &ldquo;one-carbon&rdquo; moieties. Administration of leucovorin can counteract the therapeutic and toxic effects of folic acid antagonists such as methotrexate, which act by inhibiting dihydrofolate reductase. Leucovorin has also been used to enhance the activity of fluorouracil.	As leucovorin is a derivative of folic acid, it can be used to increase levels of folic acid under conditions favoring folic acid inhibition (following treatment of folic acid antagonists such as methotrexate). Leucovorin enhances the activity of fluorouracil by stabilizing the bond of the active metabolite (5-FdUMP) to the enzyme thymidylate synthetase.
DCC0163	Pentazocine	CAS:359-83-1	C19H27NO	small molecule	approved	285.4238	Treating moderate to severe pain, including before surgery or anesthesia.	Pentazocine is a potent analgesic which when administered orally in a 50 mg dose appears equivalent in analgesic effect to 60 mg (1 grain) of codeine. Onset of significant analgesia usually occurs between 15 and 30 minutes after oral administration, and duration of action is usually three hours or longer. Onset and duration of action and the degree of pain relief are related both to dose and the severity of pretreatment pain. Pentazocine weakly antagonizes the analgesic effects of morphine and meperidine; in addition, it produces incomplete reversal of cardiovascular, respiratory, and behavioral depression induced by morphine and meperidine. Pentazocine has about 1/50 the antagonistic activity of nalorphine. It also has sedative activity.	The preponderance of evidence suggests that pentazocine antagonizes the opioid effects by competing for the same receptor sites, especially the opioid mu receptor.
DCC0164	Latanoprost	CAS:130209-82-4	C26H40O5	small molecule	approved	432.5928	For the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.	Latanoprost is an isopropyl ester prodrug which is inactive but which becomes active after hydrolysis to the acid from. Latanoprost opthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension, by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a prostaglandin analogue that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes.	Latanoprost is a prostaglandin F2a analogue. Specifically, Latanoprost is a prostanoid selective FP receptor agonist that is believed to reduce the intraocular pressure (IOP) by increasing the outflow of aqueous humor. Studies in animals and man suggest that the main mechanism of action is increased uveoscleral outflow. Elevated IOP represents a major risk factor for glaucomatous field loss. The higher the level of IOP, the greater the likelihood of optic nerve damage and visual field loss.
DCC0165	Verapamil	CAS:52-53-9	C27H38N2O4	small molecule	approved	454.6016	For the treatment of hypertension, angina, and cluster headache prophylaxis.	Verapamil is an L-type calcium channel blocker that also has antiarrythmic activity. The R-enantiomer is more effective at reducing blood pressure compared to the S-enantiomer. However, the S-enantiomer is 20 times more potent than the R-enantiomer at prolonging the PR interval in treating arrhythmias.	"Verapamil inhibits voltage-dependent calcium channels. Specifically, its effect on L-type calcium channels in the heart causes a reduction in ionotropy and chronotropy, thuis reducing heart rate and blood pressure. Verapamil's mechanism of effect in cluster headache is thought to be linked to its calcium-channel blocker effect, but which channel subtypes are involved is presently not known."
DCC0166	Epinephrine	CAS:51-43-4	C9H13NO3	small molecule	approved	183.2044	"Used to treat anaphylaxis and sepsis. Also one of the body's main adrenergic neurotransmitters."	Epinephrine is indicated for intravenous injection in treatment of acute hypersensitivity, treatment of acute asthmatic attacks to relieve bronchospasm, and treatment and prophylaxis of cardiac arrest and attacks of transitory atrioventricular heart block with syncopal seizures (Stokes-Adams Syndrome). The actions of epinephrine resemble the effects of stimulation of adrenergic nerves. To a variable degree it acts on both alpha and beta receptor sites of sympathetic effector cells. Its most prominent actions are on the beta receptors of the heart, vascular and other smooth muscle. When given by rapid intravenous injection, it produces a rapid rise in blood pressure, mainly systolic, by (1) direct stimulation of cardiac muscle which increases the strength of ventricular contraction, (2) increasing the heart rate and (3) constriction of the arterioles in the skin, mucosa and splanchnic areas of the circulation. When given by slow intravenous injection, epinephrine usually produces only a moderate rise in systolic and a fall in diastolic pressure. Although some increase in pulse pressure occurs, there is usually no great elevation in mean blood pressure. Accordingly, the compensatory reflex mechanisms that come into play with a pronounced increase in blood pressure do not antagonize the direct cardiac actions of epinephrine as much as with catecholamines that have a predominant action on alpha receptors.	Epinephrine works via the stimulation of alpha and beta-1 adrenergic receptors, and a moderate activity at beta-2 adrenergic receptors.
DCC0192	Oxcarbazepine	CAS:28721-07-5	C15H12N2O2	small molecule	approved	252.268	For use as monotherapy or adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial seizures in adults with epilepsy and as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial seizures in children ages 4-16 with epilepsy.	Oxcarbazepine is structurally a derivative of carbamazepine, adding an extra oxygen atom to the benzylcarboxamide group. This difference helps reduce the impact on the liver of metabolizing the drug, and also prevents the serious forms of anemia occasionally associated with carbamazepine. Aside from this reduction in side effects, it is thought to have the same mechanism as carbamazepine - sodium channel inhibition - and is generally used to treat the same conditions.	The exact mechanism by which oxcarbazepine exerts its anticonvulsant effect is unknown. It is known that the pharmacological activity of oxcarbazepine occurs primarily through its 10-monohydroxy metabolite (MHD). In vitro studies indicate an MHD-induced blockade of voltage-sensitive sodium channels, resulting in stabilization of hyperexcited neuronal membranes, inhibition of repetitive neuronal discharges, and diminution of propagation of synaptic impulses.
DCC0193	Polymyxin B Sulfate	CAS:1405-20-5	C56H98N16O13	small molecule	approved	1203.4767	For treatment of infections of the urinary tract, meninges, and blood stream, caused by susceptible strains of <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i>.	Polymyxin B sulfate is a mixture of polymyxins B1 and B2, obtained from <i>Bacillus polymyxa</i> strains. They are basic polypeptides of about eight amino acids and have cationic detergent action on cell membranes. Polymyxin B is used for infections with gram-negative organisms, but may be neurotoxic and nephrotoxic. All gram-positive bacteria, fungi, and the gram-negative cocci, <i>N. gonorrhea</i> and <i>N. menigitidis</i>, are resistant.	Polymyxin B sulfate has a bactericidal action against almost all gram-negative bacilli except the Proteus group. Polymyxin B sulfate interacts with the lipopolysaccharide of the cytoplasmic outer membrane of Gram-negative bacteria, altering membrane permeability and causing cell death. It does not need to enter the cell.
DCC0194	Estradiol	CAS:50-28-2	C18H24O2	small molecule	approved	272.382	For the treatment of urogenital symptoms associated with post-menopausal atrophy of the vagina (such as dryness, burning, pruritus and dyspareunia) and/or the lower urinary tract (urinary urgency and dysuria).	Estradiol, the principal intracellular human estrogen, is substantially more active than its metabolites, estrone and estriol, at the cellular level.	Estradiol enters target cells freely (e.g., female organs, breasts, hypothalamus, pituitary) and interacts with a target cell receptor. When the estrogen receptor has bound its ligand it can enter the nucleus of the target cell, and regulate gene transcription which leads to formation of messenger RNA. The mRNA interacts with ribosomes to produce specific proteins that express the effect of estradiol upon the target cell. Estrogens increase the hepatic synthesis of sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), thyroid-binding globulin (TBG), and other serum proteins and suppress follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) from the anterior pituitary.
DCC0195	Aciclovir	CAS:59277-89-3	C8H11N5O3	small molecule	approved	225.2046	For the treatment and management of herpes zoster (shingles), genital herpes, and chickenpox.	Aciclovir (INN) or acyclovir (USAN, former BAN) is a synthetic deoxyguanosine analog and it is the prototype antiviral agent that is activated by viral thymidine kinase. The selective activity of aciclovir is due to its affinity for the thymidine kinase enzyme encoded by HSV and VZV. EC50 value of acyclovir against clinical herpes virus isolates was 1.3 mcM (range: < 0.56 to 3.3 mcM).	Viral (HSV-1, HSV-2 and VZV) thymidine kinase converts aciclovir to the aciclovir monophosphate, which is then converted to the diphosphate by cellular guanylate kinase, and finally to the triphosphate by phosphoglycerate kinase, phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase, and pyruvate kinase. Aciclovir triphosphate competitively inhibits viral DNA polymerase and competes with the natural deoxyguanosine triphosphate, for incorporation into viral DNA. Once incorporated, aciclovir triphosphate inhibits DNA synthesis by acting as a chain terminator. One may consider aciclovir to be a prodrug as it is metabolized to more active compounds. Aciclovir is selective and low in cytotoxicity as the cellular thymidine kinase of normal, uninfected cells does not use aciclovir effectively as a substrate.
DCC0196	Naproxen	CAS:22204-53-1	C14H14O3	small molecule	approved	230.2592	For the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, tendinitis, bursitis, and acute gout. Also for the relief of mild to moderate pain and the treatment of primary dysmenorrhea.	Naproxen is a member of the arylacetic acid group of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). Naproxen has analgesic and antipyretic properties. As with other NSAIDs, its mode of action is not fully understood; however, its ability to inhibit prostaglandin synthesis may be involved in the anti-inflammatory effect.	The mechanism of action of naproxen, like that of other NSAIDs, is believed to be associated with the inhibition of cyclooxygenase activity. Two unique cyclooxygenases have been described in mammals. The constitutive cyclooxygenase, COX-1, synthesizes prostaglandins necessary for normal gastrointestinal and renal function. The inducible cyclooxygenase, COX-2, generates prostaglandins involved in inflammation. Inhibition of COX-1 is thought to be associated with gastrointestinal and renal toxicity while inhibition of COX-2 provides anti-inflammatory activity.
DCC0220	Loteprednol Etabonate	CAS:82034-46-6	C21H27ClO5	small molecule	approved	394.889	As an ophthalmic it is used for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the eye such as allergic conjunctivitis, uveitis, acne rosacea, superficial punctate keratitis, herpes zoster keratitis, iritis, cyclitis, and selected infective conjunctivitides. As a nasal spray, used for the treatment and management of seasonal allergic rhinitis.	Loteprednol etabonate (LE) is a soft steroid belonging to a unique class of glucocorticoids. LE possesses a metabolically labile 17 beta-chloromethyl ester function which was designed in order to be hydrolyzed to an inactive carboxylic acid moiety. This inactive metabolite is more hydrophilic and is thus readily eliminated from the body. Loteprednol etabonate has good ocular permeation properties and good skin permeation properties similar to hard steroids. It is used as a topical agent for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the eye such as allergic conjunctivitis, uveitis and iritis.	Loteprednol etabonate (LE) is a soft steroid belonging to a unique class of glucocorticoids. Loteprednol etabonate is structurally similar to other glucocorticoids. However, the number 20 position ketone group is absent. It is highly lipid soluble which enhances its penetration into cells. Loteprednol etabonate is synthesized through structural modifications of prednisolone- related compounds so that it will undergo a predictable transformation to an inactive metabolite. It first binds to the type II glucocorticoid receptor. Corticosteroids inhibit the inflammatory response to a variety of inciting agents and probably delay or slow healing. They inhibit the edema, fibrin deposition, capillary dilation, leukocyte migration, capillary proliferation, fibroblast proliferation, deposition of collagen, and scar formation associated with inflammation. There is no generally accepted explanation for the mechanism of action of ocular corticosteroids. However, corticosteroids are thought to act by the induction of phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins, collectively called lipocortins. It is postulated that these proteins control the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes by inhibiting the release of their common precursor arachidonic acid. Arachidonic acid is released from membrane phospholipids by phospholipase A2.
DCC0221	Guaifenesin	CAS:93-14-1	C10H14O4	small molecule	approved	198.2158	Used to assist the expectoration of phlegm from the airways in acute respiratory tract infections.	Guaifenesin is an expectorant which increases the output of phlegm (sputum) and bronchial secretions by reducing adhesiveness and surface tension. The increased flow of less viscous secretions promotes ciliary action and changes a dry, unproductive cough to one that is more productive and less frequent. By reducing the viscosity and adhesiveness of secretions, guaifenesin increases the efficacy of the mucociliary mechanism in removing accumulated secretions from the upper and lower airway.	Guaifenesin may act as an irritant to gastric vagal receptors, and recruit efferent parasympathetic reflexes that cause glandular exocytosis of a less viscous mucus mixture. Cough may be provoked. This combination may flush tenacious, congealed mucopurulent material from obstructed small airways and lead to a temporary improvement in dyspnea or the work of breathing.
DCC0222	Eprosartan	CAS:133040-01-4	C23H24N2O4S	small molecule	approved	424.513	For the management of hypertension alone or in combination with other classes of antihypertensive agents. Also used as a first-line agent in the treatment of diabetic nephropathy, as well as a second-line agent in the treatment of congestive heart failure (only in those intolerant of ACE inhibitors).	Angiotensin II, the principal pressor agent of the renin-angiotensin system, is formed from angiotensin I in a reaction catalyzed by angiotensin-converting enzyme [kininase II]. It is responsible for effects such as vasoconstriction, stimulation of synthesis and release of aldosterone, cardiac stimulation, and renal reabsorption of sodium. Eprosartan selectively blocks the binding of angiotensin II to the AT<sub>1</sub> receptor, which in turn leads to multiple effects including vasodilation, a reduction in the secretion of vasopressin, and reduction in the production and secretion of aldosterone. The resulting effect is a decrease in blood pressure.	Eprosartan blocks the vasoconstrictor and aldosterone-secreting effects of angiotensin II by selectively blocking the binding of angiotensin II to the AT<sub>1</sub> receptor found in many tissues (e.g., vascular smooth muscle, adrenal gland). There is also an AT<sub>2</sub> receptor found in many tissues but it is not known to be associated with cardiovascular homeostasis. Eprosartan does not exhibit any partial agonist activity at the AT<sub>1</sub> receptor. Its affinity for the AT<sub>1</sub> receptor is 1,000 times greater than for the AT<sub>2</sub> receptor. In vitro binding studies indicate that eprosartan is a reversible, competitive inhibitor of the AT<sub>1</sub> receptor. Eprosartan has also been shown to bind to AT<sub>1</sub> receptors both presynaptically and synaptically. Its action on presynaptic AT<sub>1</sub> receptors results in the inhibition of sympathetically stimulated noradrenaline release. Unlike ACE inhibitors, eprosartan and other ARBs do not interfere with response to bradykinins and substance P, which allows for the absence of adverse effects that are present in ACE inhibitors (eg. dry cough).
DCC0223	Rapamycin	CAS:53123-88-9	C51H79NO13	small molecule	approved	914.1719	For the prophylaxis of organ rejection in patients receiving renal transplants.	Sirolimus, a macrocyclic lactone produced by <i>Streptomyces hygroscopicus</i>, is an immunosuppressive agent indicated for the prophylaxis of organ rejection in patients receiving renal transplants. It is recommended that sirolimus be used in a regimen with cyclosporine and corticosteroids.	Sirolimus inhibits T lymphocyte activation and proliferation that occurs in response to antigenic and cytokine (Interleukin IL-2, IL-4, and IL-15) stimulation by a mechanism that is distinct from that of other immunosuppressants. Sirolimus also inhibits antibody production. In cells, sirolimus binds to the immunophilin, FK Binding Protein-12 (FKBP-12), to generate an immunosuppressive complex. The sirolimus:FKBP-12 complex has no effect on calcineurin activity. This complex binds to and inhibits the activation of the mammalian Target Of Rapamycin (mTOR), a key regulatory kinase. This inhibition suppresses cytokine-driven T-cell proliferation, inhibiting the progression from the G1 to the S phase of the cell cycle.
DCC0135	Atropine	CAS:51-55-8	C17H23NO3	small molecule	approved	289.3694	For the treatment of poisoning by susceptible organophosphorous nerve agents having cholinesterase activity as well as organophosphorous or carbamate insecticides.	Atropine, a naturally occurring belladonna alkaloid, is a racemic mixture of equal parts of d- and l-hyoscyamine, whose activity is due almost entirely to the levo isomer of the drug. Atropine is commonly classified as an anticholinergic or antiparasympathetic (parasympatholytic) drug. More precisely, however, it is termed an antimuscarinic agent since it antagonizes the muscarine-like actions of acetylcholine and other choline esters. Adequate doses of atropine abolish various types of reflex vagal cardiac slowing or asystole. The drug also prevents or abolishes bradycardia or asystole produced by injection of choline esters, anticholinesterase agents or other parasympathomimetic drugs, and cardiac arrest produced by stimulation of the vagus. Atropine may also lessen the degree of partial heart block when vagal activity is an etiologic factor. Atropine in clinical doses counteracts the peripheral dilatation and abrupt decrease in blood pressure produced by choline esters. However, when given by itself, atropine does not exert a striking or uniform effect on blood vessels or blood pressure.	Atropine binds to and inhibit muscarinic acetylcholine receptors, producing a wide range of anticholinergic effects.
DCC0136	Clonidine	CAS:4205-90-7	C9H9Cl2N3	small molecule	approved	230.094	May be used as an adjunct in the treatment of hypertension, as an epidural infusion as an adjunct treatment in the management of severe cancer pain that is not relieved by opiate analgesics alone, for differential diagnosis of pheochromocytoma in hypertensive patients, prophylaxis of vascular migraine headaches, treatment of severe dysmenorrhea, management of vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause, rapid detoxification in the management of opiate withdrawal, treatment of alcohol withdrawal used in conjunction with benzodiazepines, management of nicotine dependence, topical use to reduce intraocular pressure in the treatment of open-angle and secondary glaucoma and hemorrhagic glaucoma associated with hypertension, and in the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).	Clonidine is an alpha-adrenergic agent that acts specifically on alpha<sub>2</sub>-receptors. alpha<sub>2</sub>-receptors regulate a number of signaling pathways mediated by multiple G<sub>i</sub> proteins, Galpha<sub>i1</sub>, Galpha<sub>i2</sub>, and G&alpha<sub>i3</sub>. Stimulation of alpha<sub>2</sub>-receptors mediates effects such as inhibition of adenylyl cyclase, stimulation fo phospholipase D, stimulation of mitogen-activated protein kinases, stimulation of K<sup>+</sup> currents and inhibition of Ca<sup>2+</sup> currents. Three G-protein coupled alpha<sub>2</sub>-receptor subtypes have been identified: alpha<sub>2A</sub>, alpha<sub>2B</sub>, and alpha<sub>2C</sub>. Each subtype has a unique pattern of tissue distribution in the central nervous system and peripheral tissues. The alpha<sub>2A</sub>-receptor is widely distributed throughout the central nervous system; it is found in the locus coeruleus, brain stem nuclei, cerebral cortex, septum, hypothalamus, and hippocampus. alpha<sub>2A</sub>-receptors are also expressed in the kidneys, spleen, thymus, lung and salivary glands. The alpha<sub>2C</sub>-receptor is primarily expressed in the central nervous system, including the striatum, olfactory tubercle, hippocampus and cerebral cortex. Low levels of the alpha<sub>2C</sub>-subtype are also found in the kidneys. The alpha<sub>2B</sub>-receptor is located primarily in the periphery (kidney, liver, lung and heart) with low levels of expression in the thalamic nuclei of the central nervous system. The alpha<sub>2A</sub>- and alpha<sub>2C</sub>-receptors are located presynaptically and inhibit the released of noradrenaline from sympathetic nerves. Stimulation of these receptors decreases sympathetic tone, resulting in decreases in blood pressure and heart rate. Sedation and analgesia is mediated by centrally located alpha<sub>2A</sub>-receptors, while peripheral alpha<sub>2B</sub>-receptors mediate constriction of vascular smooth muscle. alpha<sub>2A</sub>-Receptors also mediate essential components of the analgesic effect of nitrous oxide in the spinal cord. Clonidine stimulates all three alpha<sub>2</sub>-receptor subtypes with similar potency. Its actions in the nervous system decreases blood pressure in patients with hypertension and decreases sympathetic overactivity in patients undergoing opioid withdrawal. Clonidine is also a potent sedative and analgesic and can prevent post-operative shivering in intensive and post-operative care. Its use in differential diagnosis of pheochromocytoma owes to the fact that hypertension in patients with pheochromocytoma is refractory to antihypertensive treatment with clonidine.	
DCC0133	Cephalexin	CAS:15686-71-2	C16H17N3O4S	small molecule	approved	347.389	For the treatment of respiratory tract infections caused by <i>Streptococcus pneumoniae</i> and <i>Streptococcus pyogenes</i>; otitis media due to <i>Streptococcus pneumoniae</i>, <i>Haemophilus influenzae</i>, <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i>, <i>Streptococcus pyogenes</i>, and <i>Moraxella catarrhalis</i>; skin and skin structure infections caused by <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i> and/or <i>Streptococcus pyogenes</i>; bone infections caused by <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i> and/or <i>Proteus mirabilis</i>; genitourinary tract infections, including acute prostatitis, caused by <i>Escherichia coli</i>, <i>Proteus mirabilis</i>, and <i>Klebsiella pneumoniae</i>.	Cephalexin (also called Cefalexin) is a first generation cephalosporin antibiotic. It is one of the most widely prescribed antibiotics, often used for the treatment of superficial infections that result as complications of minor wounds or lacerations. It is effective against most gram-positive bacteria.	Cephalexin, like the penicillins, is a beta-lactam antibiotic. By binding to specific penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located inside the bacterial cell wall, it inhibits the third and last stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis. Cell lysis is then mediated by bacterial cell wall autolytic enzymes such as autolysins; it is possible that cephalexin interferes with an autolysin inhibitor.
DCC0134	Propranolol	CAS:525-66-6	C16H21NO2	small molecule	approved	259.3434	Propranolol is used to treat tremors, angina, high blood pressure and other heart conditions. It is also used to treat or prevent heart attack, and to reduce the severity and frequency of migraine headaches.	Propranolol, the prototype of the beta-adrenergic receptor antagonists, is a competitive, nonselective beta-blocker similar to nadolol without intrinsic sympathomimetic activity. Propanolol is a racemic compound; the l-isomer is responsible for adrenergic blocking activity.	Propranolol competes with sympathomimetic neurotransmitters such as catecholamines for binding at beta(1)-adrenergic receptors in the heart, inhibiting sympathetic stimulation. This results in a reduction in resting heart rate, cardiac output, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and reflex orthostatic hypotension.
DCC0167	Sumatriptan	CAS:103628-46-2	C14H21N3O2S	small molecule	approved	295.4	Treating migraine headaches with or without aura (eg, flashing lights, wavy lines, dark spots). It is also used to treat cluster headaches.	Sumatriptan, an antimigraine drug, is a selective agonist of vascular serotonin ((5-hydroxytryptamine; 5-HT) type 1-like receptors, likely the 5-HT<sub>1D</sub> and 5-HT<sub>1B</sub> subtypes. It has no significant affinity (as measured using standard radioligand binding assays) or pharmacological activity at 5-HT2, 5-HT3 receptor subtypes or at alpha1-, alpha2-, or beta-adrenergic; dopamine1; dopamine2; muscarinic; or benzodiazepine receptors.	The 5-HT<sub>1B</sub> and 5-HT<sub>1D</sub> receptors function as autoreceptors, which inhibit the firing of serotonin neurons and a reduction in the synthesis and release of serotonin upon activation. After sumatriptan binds to these receptors, adenylate cyclase activity is inhibited via regulatory G proteins, incrases intracellular calcium, and affects other intracellular events. This results in vasoconstriction and inhibtion of sensory nociceptive (trigeminal) nerve firing and vasoactive neuropeptide release.
DCC0168	Tamoxifen	CAS:10540-29-1	C26H29NO	small molecule	approved	371.5146	Tamoxifen is indicated for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer in women and men and ductal carcinoma in Situ.	Tamoxifen belongs to a class of drugs called selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERMs), which have both estrogenic and antiestrogenic effects. Tamoxifen has the same nucleus as diethylstilbestrol but possesses an additional side chain (<i>trans</i> isomer) which accounts for its antiestrogenic activity.	Tamoxifen is a nonsteroidal agent that binds to estrogen receptors (ER), inducing a conformational change in the receptor. This results in a blockage or change in the expression of estrogen dependent genes. The prolonged binding of tamoxifen to the nuclear chromatin of these results in reduced DNA polymerase activity, impaired thymidine utilization, blockade of estradiol uptake, and decreased estrogen response. It is likely that tamoxifen interacts with other coactivators or corepressors in the tissue and binds with different estrogen receptors, ER-alpha or ER-beta, producing both estrogenic and antiestrogenic effects.
DCC0169	Losartan	CAS:114798-26-4	C22H23ClN6O	small molecule	approved	422.911	May be used as a first line agent to treat uncomplicated hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension and left ventricular hypertrophy. May be used as a first line agent to delay progression of diabetic nephropathy. Losartan may be also used as a second line agent in the treatment of congestive heart failure, systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease in those intolerant of ACE inhibitors.	Losartan is the first of a class of antihypertensive agents called angiotensin II receptor blockers (ARBs). Losartan and its longer acting active metabolite, E-3174, are specific and selective type-1 angiotensin II receptor (AT1) antagonists which block the blood pressure increasing effects angiotensin II via the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS). RAAS is a homeostatic mechanism for regulating hemodynamics, water and electrolyte balance. During sympathetic stimulation or when renal blood pressure or blood flow is reduced, renin is released from granular cells of the juxtaglomerular apparatus in the kidneys. Renin cleaves circulating angiotensinogen to angiotensin I, which is cleaved by angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) to angiotensin II. Angiotensin II increases blood pressure by increasing total peripheral resistance, increasing sodium and water reabsorption in the kidneys via aldosterone secretion, and altering cardiovascular structure. Angiotensin II binds to two receptors: AT1 and type-2 angiotensin II receptor (AT2). AT1 is a G-protein coupled receptor (GPCR) that mediates the vasoconstrictive and aldosterone-secreting effects of angiotensin II. Studies performed in recent years suggest that AT2 antagonizes AT1-mediated effects and directly affects long-term blood pressure control by inducing vasorelaxation and increasing urinary sodium excretion. Angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) are non-peptide competitive inhibitors of AT1. ARBs block the ability of angiotensin II to stimulate pressor and cell proliferative effects. Unlike ACE inhibitors, ARBs do not affect bradykinin-induced vasodilation. The overall effect of ARBs is a decrease in blood pressure.	Losartan competitively inhibits the binding of angiotensin II to AT1 in many tissues including vascular smooth muscle and the adrenal glands. Losartan is metabolized to its active metabolite, E-3174, which is 10 to 40 times more potent than losartan and acts as a non-competitive AT1 antagonist. Inhibition of angiotensin II binding to AT1 inhibits its AT1-mediated vasoconstrictive and aldosterone-secreting effects and results in decreased vascular resistance and blood pressure. Losartan is 1,000 times more selective for AT1 than AT2. Inhibition of aldosterone secretion may increase sodium and water excretion while decreasing potassium excretion. Losartan is effective for reducing blood pressure and may be used to treat essential hypertension, left ventricular hypertrophy and diabetic nephropathy.
DCC0170	Amphotericin B	CAS:1397-89-3	C47H73NO17	small molecule	approved	924.079	It should be administered primarily to patients with progressive, potentially life-threatening fungal infections.	Amphotericin B shows a high order of <i>in vitro</i> activity against many species of fungi. <i>Histoplasma capsulatum</i>, <i>Coccidioides immitis</i>, <i>Candida species</i>, <i>Blastomyces dermatitidis</i>, <i>Rhodotorula</i>, <i>Cryptococcus neoformans</i>, <i>Sporothrix schenckii</i>, <i>Mucor mucedo</i>, and <i>Aspergillus fumigatus</i> are all inhibited by concentrations of amphotericin B ranging from 0.03 to 1.0 mcg/mL <i>in vitro</i>. While <i>Candida albicans</i> is generally quite susceptible to amphotericin B, non-<i>albicans</i> species may be less susceptible. <i>Pseudallescheria boydii</i> and <i>Fusarium</i> sp. are often resistant to amphotericin B. The antibiotic is without effect on bacteria, rickettsiae, and viruses.	Amphotericin B is fungistatic or fungicidal depending on the concentration obtained in body fluids and the susceptibility of the fungus. The drug acts by binding to sterols (ergosterol) in the cell membrane of susceptible fungi. This creates a transmembrane channel, and the resultant change in membrane permeability allowing leakage of intracellular components. Ergosterol, the principal sterol in the fungal cytoplasmic membrane, is the target site of action of amphotericin B and the azoles. Amphotericin B, a polyene, binds irreversibly to ergosterol, resulting in disruption of membrane integrity and ultimately cell death.
DCC0197	Perindopril	CAS:107133-36-8	C19H32N2O5	small molecule	approved	368.4678	For the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension, mild to moderate congestive heart failure, and to reduce the cardiovascular risk of individuals with hypertension or post-myocardial infarction and stable coronary disease.	Perindopril is a nonsulfhydryl prodrug that is metabolized via first pass effect (62%) and systemic hydrolysis (38%) to perindoprilat, its active metabolite, following oral administration. Perindoprilat lowers blood pressure by antagonizing the effect of the RAAS. The RAAS is a homeostatic mechanism for regulating hemodynamics, water and electrolyte balance. During sympathetic stimulation or when renal blood pressure or blood flow is reduced, renin is released from the granular cells of the juxtaglomerular apparatus in the kidneys. In the blood stream, renin cleaves circulating angiotensinogen to ATI, which is subsequently cleaved to ATII by ACE. ATII increases blood pressure using a number of mechanisms. First, it stimulates the secretion of aldosterone from the adrenal cortex. Aldosterone travels to the distal convoluted tubule (DCT) and collecting tubule of nephrons where it increases sodium and water reabsorption by increasing the number of sodium channels and sodium-potassium ATPases on cell membranes. Second, ATII stimulates the secretion of vasopressin (also known as antidiuretic hormone or ADH) from the posterior pituitary gland. ADH stimulates further water reabsorption from the kidneys via insertion of aquaporin-2 channels on the apical surface of cells of the DCT and collecting tubules. Third, ATII increases blood pressure through direct arterial vasoconstriction. Stimulation of the Type 1 ATII receptor on vascular smooth muscle cells leads to a cascade of events resulting in myocyte contraction and vasoconstriction. In addition to these major effects, ATII induces the thirst response via stimulation of hypothalamic neurons. ACE inhibitors inhibit the rapid conversion of ATI to ATII and antagonize RAAS-induced increases in blood pressure. ACE (also known as kininase II) is also involved in the enzymatic deactivation of bradykinin, a vasodilator. Inhibiting the deactivation of bradykinin increases bradykinin levels and may sustain the effects of perindoprilat by causing increased vasodilation and decreased blood pressure.	There are two isoforms of ACE: the somatic isoform, which exists as a glycoprotein comprised of a single polypeptide chain of 1277; and the testicular isoform, which has a lower molecular mass and is thought to play a role in sperm maturation and binding of sperm to the oviduct epithelium. Somatic ACE has two functionally active domains, N and C, which arise from tandem gene duplication. Although the two domains have high sequence similarity, they play distinct physiological roles. The C-domain is predominantly involved in blood pressure regulation while the N-domain plays a role in hematopoietic stem cell differentiation and proliferation. ACE inhibitors bind to and inhibit the activity of both domains, but have much greater affinity for and inhibitory activity against the C-domain. Perindoprilat, the active metabolite of perindopril, competes with ATI for binding to ACE and inhibits and enzymatic proteolysis of ATI to ATII. Decreasing ATII levels in the body decreases blood pressure by inhibiting the pressor effects of ATII as described in the Pharmacology section above. Perindopril also causes an increase in plasma renin activity likely due to a loss of feedback inhibition mediated by ATII on the release of renin and/or stimulation of reflex mechanisms via baroreceptors.
DCC0198	Candesartan	CAS:139481-59-7	C24H20N6O3	small molecule	approved	440.454	May be used as a first line agent to treat uncomplicated hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension and left ventricular hypertrophy. May be used as a first line agent to delay progression of diabetic nephropathy. Candesartan may be also used as a second line agent in the treatment of congestive heart failure, systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease in those intolerant of ACE inhibitors.	Candesartan cilexetil is an ARB prodrug that is rapidly converted to candesartan, its active metabolite, during absorption from the gastrointestinal tract. Candesartan confers blood pressure lowering effects by antagonizing the hypertensive effects of angiotensin II via the RAAS. RAAS is a homeostatic mechanism for regulating hemodynamics, water and electrolyte balance. During sympathetic stimulation or when renal blood pressure or blood flow is reduced, renin is released from granular cells of the juxtaglomerular apparatus in the kidneys. Renin cleaves circulating angiotensinogen to angiotensin I, which is cleaved by angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) to angiotensin II. Angiotensin II increases blood pressure by increasing total peripheral resistance, increasing sodium and water reabsorption in the kidneys via aldosterone secretion, and altering cardiovascular structure. Angiotensin II binds to two receptors: type-1 angiotensin II receptor (AT1) and type-2 angiotensin II receptor (AT2). AT1 is a G-protein coupled receptor (GPCR) that mediates the vasoconstrictive and aldosterone-secreting effects of angiotensin II. Studies performed in recent years suggest that AT2 antagonizes AT1-mediated effects and directly affects long-term blood pressure control by inducing vasorelaxation and increasing urinary sodium excretion. Angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) are non-peptide competitive inhibitors of AT1. ARBs block the ability of angiotensin II to stimulate pressor and cell proliferative effects. Unlike ACE inhibitors, ARBs do not affect bradykinin-induced vasodilation. The overall effect of ARBs is a decrease in blood pressure.	Candesartan selectively blocks the binding of angiotensin II to AT1 in many tissues including vascular smooth muscle and the adrenal glands. This inhibits the AT1-mediated vasoconstrictive and aldosterone-secreting effects of angiotensin II and results in an overall decrease in blood pressure. Candesartan is greater than 10,000 times more selective for AT1 than AT2. Inhibition of aldosterone secretion may increase sodium and water excretion while decreasing potassium excretion.
DCC0226	Quinapril	CAS:85441-61-8	C25H30N2O5	small molecule	approved	438.5161	For the treatment of hypertension and as adjunct therapy in the treatment of congestive heart failure. May also be used to slow the rate of progression of renal disease in hypertensive individuals with diabetes mellitus and microalbuminuria or overt nephropathy.	Quinapril is a nonpeptide, non-sulfhydryl prodrug that is deesterified to quinaprilat (quinapril diacid), its major active metabolite following oral administration. Quinaprilat lowers blood pressure by antagonizing the effect of the RAAS. The RAAS is a homeostatic mechanism for regulating hemodynamics, water and electrolyte balance. During sympathetic stimulation or when renal blood pressure or blood flow is reduced, renin is released from the granular cells of the juxtaglomerular apparatus in the kidneys. In the blood stream, renin cleaves circulating angiotensinogen to ATI, which is subsequently cleaved to ATII by ACE. ATII increases blood pressure using a number of mechanisms. First, it stimulates the secretion of aldosterone from the adrenal cortex. Aldosterone travels to the distal convoluted tubule (DCT) and collecting tubule of nephrons where it increases sodium and water reabsorption by increasing the number of sodium channels and sodium-potassium ATPases on cell membranes. Second, ATII stimulates the secretion of vasopressin (also known as antidiuretic hormone or ADH) from the posterior pituitary gland. ADH stimulates further water reabsorption from the kidneys via insertion of aquaporin-2 channels on the apical surface of cells of the DCT and collecting tubules. Third, ATII increases blood pressure through direct arterial vasoconstriction. Stimulation of the Type 1 ATII receptor on vascular smooth muscle cells leads to a cascade of events resulting in myocyte contraction and vasoconstriction. In addition to these major effects, ATII induces the thirst response via stimulation of hypothalamic neurons. ACE inhibitors inhibit the rapid conversion of ATI to ATII and antagonize RAAS-induced increases in blood pressure. ACE (also known as kininase II) is also involved in the enzymatic deactivation of bradykinin, a vasodilator. Inhibiting the deactivation of bradykinin increases bradykinin levels and may sustain the effects of quinaprilat by causing increased vasodilation and decreased blood pressure.	There are two isoforms of ACE: the somatic isoform, which exists as a glycoprotein comprised of a single polypeptide chain of 1277; and the testicular isoform, which has a lower molecular mass and is thought to play a role in sperm maturation and binding of sperm to the oviduct epithelium. Somatic ACE has two functionally active domains, N and C, which arise from tandem gene duplication. Although the two domains have high sequence similarity, they play distinct physiological roles. The C-domain is predominantly involved in blood pressure regulation while the N-domain plays a role in hematopoietic stem cell differentiation and proliferation. ACE inhibitors bind to and inhibit the activity of both domains, but have much greater affinity for and inhibitory activity against the C-domain. Quinaprilat, the principle active metabolite of quinapril, competes with ATI for binding to ACE and inhibits and enzymatic proteolysis of ATI to ATII. Decreasing ATII levels in the body decreases blood pressure by inhibiting the pressor effects of ATII as described in the Pharmacology section above. Quinaprilat also causes an increase in plasma renin activity likely due to a loss of feedback inhibition mediated by ATII on the release of renin and/or stimulation of reflex mechanisms via baroreceptors.
DCC0224	Chlorhexidine	CAS:55-56-1	C22H30Cl2N10	small molecule	approved	505.447	For reduction of pocket depth in patients with adult periodontitis, used as an adjunct to scaling and root planing procedures. Also for prevention of dental caries, oropharyngeal decontamination in critically ill patients, hand hygiene in health-care personnel, general skin cleanser, and catheter site preparation and care.	Chlorhexidine, a topical antimicrobial agent, is bactericidal. Because of its positive charge, the chlorhexidine molecule reacts with the microbial cell surface to destroy the integrity of the cell membrane. This novel mechanism of action makes it highly unlikely for the development of bacterial resistance.	"Chlorhexidine's antimicrobial effects are associated with the attractions between chlorhexidine (cation) and negatively charged bacterial cells. After chlorhexidine is absorpted onto the organism's cell wall, it disrupts the integrity of the cell membrane and causes the leakage of intracellular components of the organisms."
DCC0225	Emtricitabine	CAS:143491-57-0	C8H10FN3O3S	small molecule	approved	247.247	Indicated, in combination with other antiretroviral agents, for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in adults and for postexposure prophylaxis of HIV infection in health care workers and others exposed occupationally or nonoccupationally via percutaneous injury or mucous membrane or nonintact skin contact with blood, tissues, or other body fluids associated with risk for transmission of the virus.	Emtricitabine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) with activity against Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1). Emtricitabine helps to block HIV reverse transcriptase, a chemical in your body (enzyme) that is needed for HIV to multiply. Emtricitabine is always used with other anti-HIV medicines to treat people with HIV infection. Emtricitabine may lower the amount of HIV in the blood (viral load). Emtricitabine may also help to increase the number of T cells called CD4 cells. Lowering the amount of HIV in the blood lowers the chance of death or infections that happen when your immune system is weak (opportunistic infections). People taking emtricitabine may still get opportunistic infections or other conditions that happen with HIV infection.	"Emtricitabine works by inhibiting reverse transcriptase, the enzyme that copies HIV RNA into new viral DNA. Emtricitabine is a synthetic nucleoside analogue of cytidine. It is phosphorylated by cellular enzymes to form emtricitabine 5'-triphosphate, which is responsible for the inhibition of HIV-1 reverse transcriptase. It competes with the natural substrate deoxycytidine 5'-triphosphate and incorporates into nascent viral DNA, resulting in early chain termination. Therefore emtricitabine inhibits the activity of HIV-1 reverse transcriptase (RT) both by competing with the natural substrate deoxycytidine 5'-triphosphate and by its incorporation into viral DNA. By inhibiting HIV-1 reverse transcriptase, emtricitabine can help to lower the amount of HIV, or viral load, in a patient's body and can indirectly increase the number of immune system cells (called T cells or CD4+ T-cells). Both of these changes are associated with healthier immune systems and decreased likelihood of serious illness."
DCC0137	Enalapril	CAS:75847-73-3	C20H28N2O5	small molecule	approved	376.4467	For the treatment of essential or renovascular hypertension and symptomatic congestive heart failure. It may be used alone or in combination with thiazide diuretics.	Enalapril is a prodrug that is rapidly metabolized by liver esterases to enalaprilat following oral administration. Enalapril itself has little pharmacologic activity. Enalaprilat lowers blood pressure by antagonizing the effect of the RAAS. The RAAS is a homeostatic mechanism for regulating hemodynamics, water and electrolyte balance. During sympathetic stimulation or when renal blood pressure or blood flow is reduced, renin is released from the granular cells of the juxtaglomerular apparatus in the kidneys. In the blood stream, renin cleaves circulating angiotensinogen to ATI, which is subsequently cleaved to ATII by ACE. ATII increases blood pressure using a number of mechanisms. First, it stimulates the secretion of aldosterone from the adrenal cortex. Aldosterone travels to the distal convoluted tubule (DCT) and collecting tubule of nephrons where it increases sodium and water reabsorption by increasing the number of sodium channels and sodium-potassium ATPases on cell membranes. Second, ATII stimulates the secretion of vasopressin (also known as antidiuretic hormone or ADH) from the posterior pituitary gland. ADH stimulates further water reabsorption from the kidneys via insertion of aquaporin-2 channels on the apical surface of cells of the DCT and collecting tubules. Third, ATII increases blood pressure through direct arterial vasoconstriction. Stimulation of the Type 1 ATII receptor on vascular smooth muscle cells leads to a cascade of events resulting in myocyte contraction and vasoconstriction. In addition to these major effects, ATII induces the thirst response via stimulation of hypothalamic neurons. ACE inhibitors inhibit the rapid conversion of ATI to ATII and antagonize RAAS-induced increases in blood pressure. ACE (also known as kininase II) is also involved in the enzymatic deactivation of bradykinin, a vasodilator. Inhibiting the deactivation of bradykinin increases bradykinin levels and may sustain the effects of enalaprilat by causing increased vasodilation and decreased blood pressure.	"There are two isoforms of ACE: the somatic isoform, which exists as a glycoprotein comprised of a single polypeptide chain of 1277; and the testicular isoform, which has a lower molecular mass and is thought to play a role in sperm maturation and binding of sperm to the oviduct epithelium. Somatic ACE has two functionally active domains, N and C, which arise from tandem gene duplication. Although the two domains have high sequence similarity, they play distinct physiological roles. The C-domain is predominantly involved in blood pressure regulation while the N-domain plays a role in hematopoietic stem cell differentiation and proliferation. ACE inhibitors bind to and inhibit the activity of both domains, but have much greater affinity for and inhibitory activity against the C-domain. Enalaprilat, the principle active metabolite of enalapril, competes with ATI for binding to ACE and inhibits and enzymatic proteolysis of ATI to ATII. Decreasing ATII levels in the body decreases blood pressure by inhibiting the pressor effects of ATII as described in the Pharmacology section above. Enalapril also causes an increase in plasma renin activity likely due to a loss of feedback inhibition mediated by ATII on the release of renin and/or stimulation of reflex mechanisms via baroreceptors. Enalaprilat's affinity for ACE is approximately 200,000 times greater than that of ATI and 300-1000 times greater than that enalapril."
DCC0138	Diclofenac	CAS:15307-86-5	C14H11Cl2NO2	small molecule	approved	296.149	For the acute and chronic treatment of signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.	Diclofenac is an acetic acid nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic and antipyretic properties. Diclofenac is used to treat pain, dysmenorrhea, ocular inflammation, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and actinic keratosis	The antiinflammatory effects of diclofenac are believed to be due to inhibition of both leukocyte migration and the enzyme cylooxygenase (COX-1 and COX-2), leading to the peripheral inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis. As prostaglandins sensitize pain receptors, inhibition of their synthesis is responsible for the analgesic effects of diclofenac. Antipyretic effects may be due to action on the hypothalamus, resulting in peripheral dilation, increased cutaneous blood flow, and subsequent heat dissipation.
DCC0139	Fluticasone Propionate	CAS:80474-14-2	C25H31F3O5S	small molecule	approved	500.571	Fluticasone propionate, a medium-potency synthetic corticosteroid, is used topically to relieve inflammatory and pruritic symptoms of dermatoses and psoriasis, intranasally to manage symptoms of allergic and non-allergic rhinitis, and orally for the maintenance treatment of asthma as prophylactic therapy and for patients requiring oral corticosteroid therapy for asthma.	Fluticasone is an extremely potent vasoconstrictor and anti-inflammatory agent. Its effectiveness in inhaled forms is due to its direct local effect.	Binds to the glucocorticoid receptor. Unbound corticosteroids cross the membranes of cells such as mast cells and eosinophils, binding with high affinity to glucocorticoid receptors (GR). The results include alteration of transcription and protein synthesis, a decreased release of leukocytic acid hydrolases, reduction in fibroblast proliferation, prevention of macrophage accumulation at inflamed sites, reduction of collagen deposition, interference with leukocyte adhesion to the capillary wall, reduction of capillary membrane permeability and subsequent edema, reduction of complement components, inhibition of histamine and kinin release, and interference with the formation of scar tissue. In the management of asthma, the glucocorticoid receptor complexes down-regulates proinflammatory mediators such as interleukin-(IL)-1, 3, and 5, and up-regulates anti-inflammatory mediators such as IkappaB [inhibitory molecule for nuclear factor kappaB1], IL-10, and IL-12. The antiinflammatory actions of corticosteroids are also thought to involve inhibition of cytosolic phospholipase A2 (through activation of lipocortin-1 (annexin)) which controls the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes.
DCC0173	Mycophenolate mofetil	CAS:128794-94-5	C23H31NO7	small molecule	approved	433.4947	For the prophylaxis of organ rejection in patients receiving allogeneic renal, cardiac or hepatic transplants. Mycophenolate mofetil should be used concomitantly with cyclosporine and corticosteroids.	Mycophenolate mofetil is a prodrug of mycophenolic acid (MPA), an antibiotic substance derived from <i>Penicillium stoloniferum</i>. It blocks de novo biosynthesis of purine nucleotides by inhibition of the enzyme inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase. Mycophenolic acid is important because of its selective effects on the immune system. It prevents the proliferation of T-cells, lymphocytes, and the formation of antibodies from B-cells. It also may inhibit recruitment of leukocytes to inflammatory sites.	Mycophenolate mofetil is hydrolyzed to form mycophenolic acid (MPA), which is the active metabolite. MPA is a potent, selective, uncompetitive, and reversible inhibitor of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH), and therefore inhibits the de novo pathway of guanosine nucleotide synthesis without incorporation into DNA. Because T- and B-lymphocytes are critically dependent for their proliferation on de novo synthesis of purines, whereas other cell types can utilize salvage pathways, MPA has potent cytostatic effects on lymphocytes. MPA inhibits proliferative responses of T- and B-lymphocytes to both mitogenic and allospecific stimulation. Addition of guanosine or deoxyguanosine reverses the cytostatic effects of MPA on lymphocytes. MPA also suppresses antibody formation by B-lymphocytes. MPA prevents the glycosylation of lymphocyte and monocyte glycoproteins that are involved in intercellular adhesion to endothelial cells and may inhibit recruitment of leukocytes into sites of inflammation and graft rejection. Mycophenolate mofetil did not inhibit early events in the activation of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells, such as the production of interleukin-1 (IL-1) and interleukin-2 (IL-2), but did block the coupling of these events to DNA synthesis and proliferation.
DCC0174	Furosemide	CAS:54-31-9	C12H11ClN2O5S	small molecule	approved	330.744	For the treatment of edema associated with congestive heart failure, cirrhosis of the liver, and renal disease, including the nephrotic syndrome. Also for the treatment of hypertension alone or in combination with other antihypertensive agents.	Furosemide, a sulfonamide-type loop diuretic structurally related to bumetanide, is used to manage hypertension and edema associated with congestive heart failure, cirrhosis, and renal disease, including the nephrotic syndrome.	Furosemide, a loop diuretic, inhibits water reabsorption in the nephron by blocking the sodium-potassium-chloride cotransporter (NKCC2) in the thick ascending limb of the loop of Henle. This is achieved through competitive inhibition at the chloride binding site on the cotransporter, thus preventing the transport of sodium from the lumen of the loop of Henle into the basolateral interstitium. Consequently, the lumen becomes more hypertonic while the interstitium becomes less hypertonic, which in turn diminishes the osmotic gradient for water reabsorption throughout the nephron. Because the thick ascending limb is responsible for 25% of sodium reabsorption in the nephron, furosemide is a very potent diuretic.
DCC0171	Warfarin	CAS:81-81-2	C19H16O4	small molecule	approved	308.3279	For the treatment of retinal vascular occlusion, pulmonary embolism, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation and flutter, cerebral embolism, transient cerebral ischaemia, arterial embolism and thrombosis.	Warfarin, a coumarin anticoagulant, is a racemic mixture of two active isomers. It is used in the prevention and treatment of thromboembolic disease including venous thrombosis, thromboembolism, and pulmonary embolism as well as for the prevention of ischemic stroke in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF).	Warfarin inhibits vitamin K reductase, resulting in depletion of the reduced form of vitamin K (vitamin KH2). As vitamin K is a cofactor for the carboxylation of glutamate residues on the N-terminal regions of vitamin K-dependent proteins, this limits the gamma-carboxylation and subsequent activation of the vitamin K-dependent coagulant proteins. The synthesis of vitamin K-dependent coagulation factors II, VII, IX, and X and anticoagulant proteins C and S is inhibited. Depression of three of the four vitamin K-dependent coagulation factors (factors II, VII, and X) results in decreased prothrombin levels and a decrease in the amount of thrombin generated and bound to fibrin. This reduces the thrombogenicity of clots.
DCC0172	Tobramycin	CAS:32986-56-4	C18H37N5O9	small molecule	approved	467.5145	For the treatment of pseudomonas aeruginosa lung infections. Also being investigated for use in the treatment of sinus infections.	Tobramycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic obtained from cultures of <i>Streptomyces tenebrarius</i>, is used in combination with other antibiotics to treat urinary tract infections, gynecologic infections, peritonitis, endocarditis, pneumonia, bacteremia and sepsis, respiratory infections including those associated with cystic fibrosis, osteomyelitis, and diabetic foot and other soft-tissue infections. It acts primarily by disrupting protein synthesis, leading to altered cell membrane permeability, progressive disruption of the cell envelope, and eventual cell death. Tobramycin has in vitro activity against a wide range of gram-negative organisms including <em>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</em>.	Tobramycin binds irreversibly to one of two aminoglycoside binding sites on the 30 S ribosomal subunit, inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis. Tobramycin may also destabilize bacterial memebrane by binding to 16 S 16 S r-RNA. An active transport mechanism for aminoglycoside uptake is necessary in the bacteria in order to attain a significant intracellular concentration of tobramycin.
DCC0199	Gentamicin	CAS:1403-66-3	C21H43N5O7	small molecule	approved	477.5954	For treatment of serious infections caused by susceptible strains of the following microorganisms: <i>P. aeruginosa</i>, <i>Proteus</i> species (indole-positive and indole-negative), <i>E. coli</i>, <i>Klebsiella-Enterobactor-Serratia</i> species, <i>Citrobacter</i> species and <i>Staphylococcus</i> species (coagulase-positive and coagulase-negative).	Gentamicin is a broad spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic. Aminoglycosides work by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, causing misreading of t-RNA, leaving the bacterium unable to synthesize proteins vital to its growth. Aminoglycosides are useful primarily in infections involving aerobic, Gram-negative bacteria, such as Pseudomonas, Acinetobacter, and Enterobacter. In addition, some mycobacteria, including the bacteria that cause tuberculosis, are susceptible to aminoglycosides. Infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria can also be treated with aminoglycosides, but other types of antibiotics are more potent and less damaging to the host. In the past the aminoglycosides have been used in conjunction with penicillin-related antibiotics in streptococcal infections for their synergistic effects, particularly in endocarditis. Aminoglycosides are mostly ineffective against anaerobic bacteria, fungi and viruses.	Aminoglycosides like gentamicin irreversibly bind to specific 30S-subunit proteins and 16S rRNA. Specifically gentamicin binds to four nucleotides of 16S rRNA and a single amino acid of protein S12. This interferes with decoding site in the vicinity of nucleotide 1400 in 16S rRNA of 30S subunit. This region interacts with the wobble base in the anticodon of tRNA. This leads to interference with the initiation complex, misreading of mRNA so incorrect amino acids are inserted into the polypeptide leading to nonfunctional or toxic peptides and the breakup of polysomes into nonfunctional monosomes.
DCC0200	Colistin	CAS:1264-72-8	C52H98N16O13	small molecule	approved	1155.4339	For the treatment of acute or chronic infections due to sensitive strains of certain gram-negative bacilli, particularly <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i>.	Colistin is a polymyxin antibiotic agent. Polymyxins are cationic polypeptides that disrupt the bacterial cell membrane through a detergentlike mechanism. With the development of less toxic agents, such as extended-spectrum penicillins and cephalosporins, parenteral polymyxin use was largely abandoned, except for the treatment of multidrug-resistant pulmonary infections in patients with cystic fibrosis. More recently, however, the emergence of multidrug-resistant gram-negative bacteria, such as <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i> and <i>Acinetobacter baumannii</i>, and the lack of new antimicrobial agents have led to the revived use of the polymyxins.	Colistin is a surface active agent which penetrates into and disrupts the bacterial cell membrane. Colistin is polycationic and has both hydrophobic and lipophilic moieties. It interacts with the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane, changing its permeability. This effect is bactericidal. There is also evidence that polymyxins enter the cell and precipitate cytoplasmic components, primarily ribosomes.
DCC0201	Indapamide	CAS:26807-65-8	C16H16ClN3O3S	small molecule	approved	365.835	For the treatment of hypertension, alone or in combination with other antihypertensive drugs, as well as for the treatment of salt and fluid retention associated with congestive heart failure or edema from pregnancy (appropriate only in the management of edema of pathologic origin during pregnancy when clearly needed). Also used for the management of edema as a result of various causes.	Indapamide is an antihypertensive and a diuretic. It contains both a polar sulfamoyl chlorobenzamide moiety and a lipid- soluble methylindoline moiety. Indapamide bears a structural similarity to the triazide diuretics which are known to decrease vascular smooth muscle reactivity. However, it differs chemically from the thiazides in that it does not possess the thiazide ring system and contains only one sulfonamide group. Indapamide appears to cause vasodilation, probably by inhibiting the passage of calcium and other ions (sodium, potassium) across membranes. This same effect may cause hypokalcemia in susceptible individuals. Indapamide has also been shown to cause uterine myometrial relaxation in experimental animals. Overall, indapamide has an extra-renal antihypertensive action resulting in a decrease in vascular hyperreactivity and a reduction in total peripheral and arteriolar resistance.	Indapamide blocks the slow component of delayed rectifier potassium current (IKs) without altering the rapid component (IKr) or the inward rectifier current. Specifically it blocks or antagonizes the action the proteins KCNQ1 and KCNE1. Indapamide is also thought to stimulate the synthesis of the vasodilatory hypotensive prostaglandin PGE2.
DCC0202	Tropicamide	CAS:1508-75-4	C17H20N2O2	small molecule	approved	284.3529	Indicated to induce mydriasis (dilation of the pupil) and cycloplegia (paralysis of the ciliary muscle of the eye) in diagnostic procedures, such as measurement of refractive errors and examination of the fundus of the eye.	Tropicamide belongs to the group of medicines called anti-muscarinics. Tropicamide blocks the receptors in the muscles of the eye (muscarinic receptors). These receptors are involved controlling the pupil size and the shape of the lens. By blocking these receptors, tropicamide produces dilatation of the pupil (mydriasis) and prevents the eye from accommodating for near vision (cycloplegia). Tropicamide is given as eye drops to dilate the pupil and relax the lens so that eye examinations can be carried out thoroughly.	Tropicamide binds to and blocks the receptors in the muscles of the eye (muscarinic receptor M4). Tropicamide acts by blocking the responses of the iris sphincter muscle to the iris and ciliary muscles to cholinergic stimulation, producing dilation of the pupil and paralysis of the ciliary muscle.
DCC0227	Isosorbide Dinitrate	CAS:87-33-2	C6H8N2O8	small molecule	approved	236.1363	For the prevention of angina pectoris due to coronary artery disease.	Isosorbide Dinitrate is a moderate to long acting oral organic nitrate used for the relief and prophylactic management of angina pectoris. It relaxes the vascular smooth muscle and consequent dilatation of peripheral arteries and veins, especially the latter. Dilatation of the veins promotes peripheral pooling of blood and decreases venous return to the heart, thereby reducing left ventricular end- diastolic pressure and pulmonary capillary wedge pressure (preload). Arteriolar relaxation reduces systemic vascular resistance, systolic arterial pressure, and mean arterial pressure.	"Similar to other nitrites and organic nitrates, isosorbide dinitrate is converted to nitric oxide (NO), an active intermediate compound which activates the enzyme guanylate cyclase (atrial natriuretic peptide receptor A). This stimulates the synthesis of cyclic guanosine 3',5'-monophosphate (cGMP) which then activates a series of protein kinase-dependent phosphorylations in the smooth muscle cells, eventually resulting in the dephosphorylation of the myosin light chain of the smooth muscle fiber. The subsequent release of calcium ions results in the relaxation of the smooth muscle cells and vasodilation."
DCC0228	Didanosine	CAS:69655-05-6	C10H12N4O3	small molecule	approved	236.2273	For use, in combination with other antiretroviral agents, in the treatment of HIV-1 infection in adults.	Didanosine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) with activity against Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1). Didanosine differs from other nucleoside analogues, as it does not have any of the regular bases, instead it has hypoxanthine attached to the sugar ring. Didanosine is phosphorylated to active metabolites that compete for incorporation into viral DNA. They inhibit the HIV reverse transcriptase enzyme competitively and act as a chain terminator of DNA synthesis. Didanosine is effective against HIV, and usually used in combination with other antiviral therapy. Switching from long term AZT treatment to didanosine has been shown to be beneficial. Didanosine has weak acid stability and therefore, it is often combined with an antacid.	"Didanosine (ddI) is metabolized intracellularly by a series of cellular enzymes to its active moiety, dideoxyadenosine triphosphate (ddATP), which inhibits the HIV reverse transcriptase enzyme competitively by competing with natural dATP. It also acts as a chain terminator by its incorporation into viral DNA as the lack of a 3'-OH group in the incorporated nucleoside analogue prevents the formation of the 5' to 3' phosphodiester linkage essential for DNA chain elongation, and therefore, the viral DNA growth is terminated."
DCC0229	Methdilazine	CAS:1982-37-2	C18H20N2S	small molecule	approved	296.43	Used for the symptomatic relief of hypersensitivity reactions and particularly for the control of pruritic skin disorders	In allergic reactions an allergen interacts with and cross-links surface IgE antibodies on mast cells and basophils. Once the mast cell-antibody-antigen complex is formed, a complex series of events occurs that eventually leads to cell-degranulation and the release of histamine (and other chemical mediators) from the mast cell or basophil. Once released, histamine can react with local or widespread tissues through histamine receptors. Histamine, acting on H<sub>1</sub>-receptors, produces pruritis, vasodilatation, hypotension, flushing, headache, tachycardia, and bronchoconstriction. Histamine also increases vascular permeability and potentiates pain. Methdilazine is a histamine H<sub>1</sub> antagonist. It competes with histamine for the normal H<sub>1</sub>-receptor sites on effector cells of the gastrointestinal tract, blood vessels and respiratory tract. It provides effective, temporary relief of sneezing, watery and itchy eyes, and runny nose due to hay fever and other upper respiratory allergies.	Methdilazine binds to the histamine H<sub>1</sub> receptor. This blocks the action of endogenous histamine, which subsequently leads to temporary relief of the negative symptoms brought on by histamine.
DCC0230	Bimatoprost	CAS:155206-00-1	C25H37NO4	small molecule	approved	415.5656	For the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension who are intolerant of other intraocular pressure lowering medications or insufficiently responsive (failed to achieve target IOP determined after multiple measurements over time) to another intraocular pressure lowering medication.	Bimatoprost is a prostamide, a synthetic structural analog of prostaglandin with ocular hypotensive activity, that is chemically related to prostamide F. It selectively mimics the effects of naturally occurring substances, prostamides. Bimatoprost lowers intraocular pressure (IOP) in humans. Elevated IOP presents a major risk factor for glaucomatous field loss. The higher the level of IOP, the greater the likelihood of optic nerve damage and visual field loss.	Bimatoprost is believed to lower intraocular pressure (IOP) in humans by increasing outflow of aqueous humor through both the trabecular meshwork and uveoscleral routes. Bimatoprost reduces the pressure in the eye by mimicking the action of a naturally-occuring prostaglandin. Prostaglandins are a group of chemicals found in many places in the body. In the eye, they increase the drainage of the aqueous humour out of the eyeball. Bimatoprost is a synthetic compound related to one of the natural prostaglandins, and works by increasing the drainage of aqueous humour out of the eyeball. Bimatoprost may also lower the rate of aqueous formation in the eye. Both these effects decrease the pressure within the eye.
DCC0231	Tiagabine	CAS:115103-54-3	C20H25NO2S2	small molecule	approved	375.548	It is indicated as adjunctive therapy in adults and children 12 years and older in the treatment of partial seizures.	Tiagabine is used primarily as an anticonvulsant for the adjunctive treatment of epilepsy. The precise mechanism by which Tiagabine exerts its antiseizure effect is unknown, although it is believed to be related to its ability to enhance the activity of gamma aminobutyric acid (GABA), the major inhibitory neurotransmitter in the central nervous system. Tiagabine binds to recognition sites associated with the GABA uptake carrier. It is thought that, by this action, Tiagabine blocks GABA uptake into presynaptic neurons, permitting more GABA to be available for receptor binding on the surfaces of post-synaptic cells.	Though the exact mechanism by which Tiagabine exerts its effect on the human body is unknown, it does appear to operate as a selective GABA reuptake inhibitor.
DCC0140	Fluocinolone Acetonide	CAS:67-73-2	C24H30F2O6	small molecule	approved	452.4882	For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. Also for the treatment of chronic non-infectious uveitis affecting the posterior segment of the eye (Retisert).		Fluocinolone Acetonide is a corticosteroid that binds to the cytosolic glucocorticoid receptor. After binding the receptor the newly formed receptor-ligand complex translocates itself into the cell nucleus, where it binds to many glucocorticoid response elements (GRE) in the promoter region of the target genes. The DNA bound receptor then interacts with basic transcription factors, causing the increase in expression of specific target genes. The anti-inflammatory actions of corticosteroids are thought to involve lipocortins, phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins which, through inhibition arachidonic acid, control the biosynthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes. Specifically glucocorticoids induce lipocortin-1 (annexin-1) synthesis, which then binds to cell membranes preventing the phospholipase A2 from coming into contact with its substrate arachidonic acid. This leads to diminished eicosanoid production. Cyclooxygenase (both COX-1 and COX-2) expression is also suppressed, potentiating the effect. In another words, the two main products in inflammation Prostaglandins and Leukotrienes are inhibited by the action of Glucocorticoids. Glucocorticoids also stimulate the lipocortin-1 escaping to the extracellular space, where it binds to the leukocyte membrane receptors and inhibits various inflammatory events: epithelial adhesion, emigration, chemotaxis, phagocytosis, respiratory burst and the release of various inflammatory mediators (lysosomal enzymes, cytokines, tissue plasminogen activator, chemokines etc.) from neutrophils, macrophages and mastocytes. Additionally the immune system is suppressed by corticosteroids due to a decrease in the function of the lymphatic system, a reduction in immunoglobulin and complement concentrations, the precipitation of lymphocytopenia, and interference with antigen-antibody binding.  Like other glucocorticoid agents Fluocinolone acetonide acts as a physiological antagonist to insulin by decreasing glycogenesis (formation of glycogen).  It also promotes the breakdown of lipids (lipolysis), and proteins, leading to the mobilization of extrahepatic amino acids and ketone bodies. This leads to increased circulating glucose concentrations (in the blood). There is also decreased glycogen formation in the liver.
DCC0141	Ethosuximide	CAS:77-67-8	C7H11NO2	small molecule	approved	141.1677	It is indicated for the control of absence (petit mal) epilepsy.	Used in the treatment of epilepsy. Ethosuximide suppresses the paroxysmal three cycle per second spike and wave activity associated with lapses of consciousness which is common in absence (petit mal) seizures. The frequency of epileptiform attacks is reduced, apparently by depression of the motor cortex and elevation of the threshold of the central nervous system to convulsive stimuli.	Binds to T-type voltage sensitive calcium channels. Voltage-sensitive calcium channels (VSCC) mediate the entry of calcium ions into excitable cells and are also involved in a variety of calcium-dependent processes, including muscle contraction, hormone or neurotransmitter release, gene expression, cell motility, cell division and cell death. The isoform alpha-1G gives rise to T-type calcium currents. T-type calcium channels belong to the low-voltage activated (LVA) group and are strongly blocked by mibefradil. A particularity of this type of channels is an opening at quite negative potentials and a voltage-dependent inactivation. T-type channels serve pacemaking functions in both central neurons and cardiac nodal cells and support calcium signaling in secretory cells and vascular smooth muscle. They may also be involved in the modulation of firing patterns of neurons which is important for information processing as well as in cell growth processes.
DCC0142	Amiloride	CAS:2016-88-8	C6H8ClN7O	small molecule	approved	229.627	For use as adjunctive treatment with thiazide diuretics or other kaliuretic-diuretic agents in congestive heart failure or hypertension.	Amiloride, an antikaliuretic-diuretic agent, is a pyrazine-carbonyl-guanidine that is unrelated chemically to other known antikaliuretic or diuretic agents. It is an antihypertensive, potassium-sparing diuretic that was first approved for use in 1967 and helps to treat hypertension and congestive heart failure. The drug is often used in conjunction with thiazide or loop diuretics. Due to its potassium-sparing capacities, hyperkalemia (high blood potassium levels) are occasionally observed in patients taking amiloride. The risk is high in concurrent use of ACE inhibitors or spironolactone. Patients are also advised not to use potassium-containing salt replacements.	Amiloride works by inhibiting sodium reabsorption in the distal convoluted tubules and collecting ducts in the kidneys by binding to the amiloride-sensitive sodium channels. This promotes the loss of sodium and water from the body, but without depleting potassium. Amiloride exerts its potassium sparing effect through the inhibition of sodium reabsorption at the distal convoluted tubule, cortical collecting tubule and collecting duct; this decreases the net negative potential of the tubular lumen and reduces both potassium and hydrogen secretion and their subsequent excretion. Amiloride is not an aldosterone antagonist and its effects are seen even in the absence of aldosterone.
DCC0143	Oxytetracycline	CAS:79-57-2	C22H24N2O9	small molecule	approved	460.434	Oxytetracycline is indicated for treatment of infections caused by a variety of Gram positive and Gram negative microorganisms including <i>Mycoplasma pneumoniae, Pasteurella pestis, Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae</i> (respiratory infections), and <i>Diplococcus pneumoniae</i>.	Oxytetracycline is known as a broad-spectrum antibiotic due to its activity against such a wide range of infections. It was the second of the tetracyclines to be discovered. Oxytetracycline, like other tetracyclines, is used to treat many infections common and rare. Its better absorption profile makes it preferable to tetracycline for moderately severe acne, but alternatives sould be sought if no improvement occurs by 3 months.	Oxytetracycline inhibits cell growth by inhibiting translation. It binds to the 30S ribosomal subunit and prevents the amino-acyl tRNA from binding to the A site of the ribosome. The binding is reversible in nature. Oxytetracycline is lipophilic and can easily pass through the cell membrane or passively diffuses through porin channels in the bacterial membrane.
DCC0175	Ergotamine	CAS:113-15-5	C33H35N5O5	small molecule	approved	581.6615	For use as therapy to abort or prevent vascular headache, e.g., migraine, migraine variants, or so called histaminic cephalalgia.	Ergotamine is a vasoconstrictor and alpha adrenoreceptor antagonist. The pharmacological properties of ergotamine are extremely complex; some of its actions are unrelated to each other, and even mutually antagonistic. The drug has partial agonist and/or antagonist activity against tryptaminergic, dopaminergic and alpha adrenergic receptors depending upon their site, and it is a highly active uterine stimulant. It causes constriction of peripheral and cranial blood vessels and produces depression of central vasomotor centers. The pain of a migraine attack is believed to be due to greatly increased amplitude of pulsations in the cranial arteries, especially the meningeal branches of the external carotid artery. Ergotamine reduces extracranial blood flow, causes a decline in the amplitude of pulsation in the cranial arteries, and decreases hyperperfusion of the territory of the basilar artery. It does not reduce cerebral hemispheric blood flow.	Ergotamine acts on migraine by one of two proposed mechanisms: 1) activation of 5-HT<sub>1D</sub> receptors located on intracranial blood vessels, including those on arterio-venous anastomoses, leads to vasoconstriction, which correlates with the relief of migraine headache, and 2) activation of 5-HT<sub>1D</sub> receptors on sensory nerve endings of the trigeminal system results in the inhibition of pro-inflammatory neuropeptide release.
DCC0176	Nitrofurantoin	CAS:67-20-9	C8H6N4O5	small molecule	approved	238.157	May be used as an alternative in the treatment of urinary tract infections. May be used by females pericoitally for prophylaxis against recurrent cystitis related to coitus.	Nitrofurantoin exhibits bacteriostatic or bactericidal effects by inhibiting the synthesis of DNA, RNA, protein and cell wall synthesis.	Nitrofurantoin is activated by bacterial flavoproteins (nitrofuran reductase) to active reduced reactive intermediates that are thought to modulate and damage ribosomal proteins or other macromolecules, especially DNA, causing inhibition of DNA, RNA, protein, and cell wall synthesis. The overall effect is inhibition of bacterial growth or cell death.
DCC0177	Naltrexone	CAS:16590-41-3	C20H23NO4	small molecule	approved	341.4009	Used as an adjunct to a medically supervised behaviour modification program in the maintenance of opiate cessation in individuals who were formerly physically dependent on opiates and who have successfully undergone detoxification. Also used for the management of alcohol dependence in conjunction with a behavioural modification program.	Naltrexone, a pure opioid antagonist, is a synthetic congener of oxymorphone with no opioid agonist properties. Naltrexone is indicated in the treatment of alcohol dependence and for the blockade of the effects of exogenously administered opioids. It markedly attenuates or completely blocks, reversibly, the subjective effects of intravenously administered opioids. When co-administered with morphine, on a chronic basis, naltrexone blocks the physical dependence to morphine, heroin and other opioids. In subjects physically dependent on opioids, naltrexone will precipitate withdrawal symptomatology.	Naltrexone is a pure opiate antagonist and has little or no agonist activity. The mechanism of action of naltrexone in alcoholism is not understood; however, involvement of the endogenous opioid system is suggested by preclinical data. Naltrexone is thought to act as a competitive antagonist at mc, kapa, and delta receptors in the CNS, with the highest affintiy for the ¿_ receptor. Naltrexone competitively binds to such receptors and may block the effects of endogenous opioids. This leads to the antagonization of most of the subjective and objective effects of opiates, including respiratory depression, miosis, euphoria, and drug craving. The major metabolite of naltrexone, 6-¿_-naltrexol, is also an opiate antagonist and may contribute to the antagonistic activity of the drug.
DCC0178	Delavirdine	CAS:136817-59-9	C22H28N6O3S	small molecule	approved	456.561	For the treatment of HIV-1 infection in combination with appropriate antiretroviral agents when therapy is warranted	"Delavirdine is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (nNRTI) with activity against Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1). Delavirdine binds directly to reverse transcriptase (RT) and blocks the RNA-dependent and DNA-dependent DNA polymerase activities by causing a disruption of the enzyme's catalytic site. The activity of Delavirdine does not compete with template or nucleoside triphosphates. HIV-2 RT and eukaryotic DNA polymerases (such as human DNA polymerases alpha, beta, or sigma) are not inhibited by Delavirdine."	"Delavirdine binds directly to viral reverse transcriptase (RT) and blocks the RNA-dependent and DNA-dependent DNA polymerase activities by disrupting the enzyme's catalytic site."
DCC0179	Lamivudine	CAS:134678-17-4	C8H11N3O3S	small molecule	approved	229.256	For the treatment of HIV infection and chronic hepatitis B (HBV).	"Lamivudine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) with activity against Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1) and hepatitis B (HBV). Lamivudine is phosphorylated to active metabolites that compete for incorporation into viral DNA. They inhibit the HIV reverse transcriptase enzyme competitively and act as a chain terminator of DNA synthesis. The lack of a 3'-OH group in the incorporated nucleoside analogue prevents the formation of the 5' to 3' phosphodiester linkage essential for DNA chain elongation, and therefore, the viral DNA growth is terminated."	"Lamivudine is a synthetic nucleoside analogue and is phosphorylated intracellularly to its active 5'-triphosphate metabolite, lamivudine triphosphate (L-TP). This nucleoside analogue is incorporated into viral DNA by HIV reverse transcriptase and HBV polymerase, resulting in DNA chain termination."
DCC0180	Norethindrone	CAS:68-22-4	C20H26O2	small molecule	approved	298.4192	Norethindrone acetate is indicated for the treatment of secondary amenorrhea, endometriosis, and abnormal uterine bleeding due to hormonal imbalance in the absence of organic pathology, such as submucous fibroids or uterine cancer.	Norethindrone is a synthetic oral progestin. It is used for contraception or to treat such conditions as secondary amenorrhea, abnormal uterine bleeding, and endometriosis. As an oral contraceptive, norethindrone is available as either a single agent or in combination with an estrogen. Norethindrone acetate induces secretory changes in an estrogen-primed endometrium. On a weight basis, it is twice as potent as norethindrone.	Progestins diffuse freely into target cells and bind to the progesterone receptor. Target cells include the female reproductive tract, the mammary gland, the hypothalamus, and the pituitary. Once bound to the receptor, progestins slow the frequency of release of gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) from the hypothalamus and blunt the pre-ovulatory LH surge.
DCC0203	Ribavirin	CAS:36791-04-5	C8H12N4O5	small molecule	approved	244.2047	For the treatment of chronic hepatitis C and for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV).	"Ribavirin is an anti-viral drug active against a number of DNA and RNA viruses. It is a member of the nucleoside antimetabolite drugs that interfere with duplication of the viral genetic material. The drug inhibits the activity of the enzyme RNA dependent RNA polymerase, due to it's resemblence to building blocks of the RNA molecules. The oral form is used in the treatment of hepatitis C, in combination with interferon drugs. The aerosol form is used to treat respiratory syncytial virus-related diseases in children. The primary serious adverse effect of ribavirin is hemolytic anemia, which may worsen preexisting cardiac disease."	Ribavirin is readily phosphorylated intracellularly by adenosine kinase to ribavirin mono-, di-, and triphosphate metabolites. Ribavirin triphosphate (RTP) is a potent competitive inhibitor of inosine monophosphate (IMP) dehydrogenase, viral RNA polymerase and messenger RNA (mRNA) guanylyltransferase (viral) and can be incorporated into RNA in RNA viral species.. Guanylyltranserase inhibition stops the capping of mRNA. These diverse effects result in a marked reduction of intracellular guanosine triphosphate (GTP) pools and inhibition of viral RNA and protein synthesis. Ribavirin is also incorporated into the viral genome causing lethal mutagenesis and a subsequent decrease in specific viral infectivity.
DCC0204	Fentanyl	CAS:437-38-7	C22H28N2O	small molecule	approved	336.4705	For the treatment of cancer patients with severe pain that breaks through their regular narcotic therapy.	"Fentanyl is an opioid analgesic. Fentanyl interacts predominately with the opioid mu-receptor but also binds to kappa and delta-type opioid receptors. These mu-binding sites are discretely distributed in the human brain, spinal cord, and other tissues. In clinical settings, Fentanyl exerts its principal pharmacologic effects on the central nervous system. Its primary actions of therapeutic value are analgesia and sedation. Fentanyl may increase the patient's tolerance for pain and decrease the perception of suffering, although the presence of the pain itself may still be recognized. In addition to analgesia, alterations in mood, euphoria and dysphoria, and drowsiness commonly occur. Fentanyl depresses the respiratory centers, depresses the cough reflex, and constricts the pupils."	"Opiate receptors are coupled with G-protein receptors and function as both positive and negative regulators of synaptic transmission via G-proteins that activate effector proteins. Binding of the opiate stimulates the exchange of GTP for GDP on the G-protein complex. As the effector system is adenylate cyclase and cAMP located at the inner surface of the plasma membrane, opioids decrease intracellular cAMP by inhibiting adenylate cyclase. Subsequently, the release of nociceptive neurotransmitters such as substance P, GABA, dopamine, acetylcholine and noradrenaline is inhibited. Opioids also inhibit the release of vasopressin, somatostatin, insulin and glucagon. Fentanyl's analgesic activity is, most likely, due to its conversion to morphine. Opioids close N-type voltage-operated calcium channels (OP2-receptor agonist) and open calcium-dependent inwardly rectifying potassium channels (OP3 and OP1 receptor agonist). This results in hyperpolarization and reduced neuronal excitability."
DCC0205	Sodium lauryl sulfate	CAS:151-21-3	C12H25NaO4S	small molecule	approved	288.379	SLS is used as a surfactant in shampoos and toothpastes. SLS also has microbicidal activities against both enveloped (Herpes simplex viruses, HIV-1, Semliki Forest virus) and nonenveloped (papillomaviruses, reovirus, rotavirus and poliovirus) viruses, although it has not been approved for this use.	Sodium lauryl sulfate is an anionic surfactant. Its amphiphilic properties make it an ideal detergent.	Like other surfactants, SLS is amphiphilic. It thus migrates to the surface of liquids, where its alignment and aggregation with other SLS molecules lowers the surface tension. This allows for easier spreading and mixing of the liquid. SLS has potent protein denaturing activity and inhibits the infectivity of viruses by by solubilizing the viral envelope and/or by denaturing envelope and/or capsid proteins.
DCC0206	Propofol	CAS:2078-54-8	C12H18O	small molecule	approved	178.2707	Used for induction and/or maintenance of anaesthesia and for management of refractory status epilepticus.	Propofol is a sedative-hypnotic agent for use in the induction and maintenance of anesthesia or sedation. Intravenous injection of a therapeutic dose of propofol produces hypnosis rapidly with minimal excitation, usually within 40 seconds from the start of an injection (the time for one arm-brain circulation).	The action of propofol involves a positive modulation of the inhibitory function of the neurotransmitter gama-aminobutyric acid (GABA) through GABA-A receptors.
DCC0207	Ethynodiol Diacetate	CAS:297-76-7	C24H32O4	small molecule	approved	384.5085	For the prevention of pregnancy in women who elect to use this product as a method of contraception.	"Ethynodiol Diacetate is used as a female contraceptive. Ethynodiol Diacetate is a progestin or a synthetic form of the naturally occurring female sex hormone, progesterone. In a woman's normal menstrual cycle, an egg matures and is released from the ovaries (ovulation). The ovary then produces progesterone, preventing the release of further eggs and priming the lining of the womb for a possible pregnancy. If pregnancy occurs, progesterone levels in the body remain high, maintaining the womb lining. If pregnancy does not occur, progesterone levels in the body fall, resulting in a menstrual period. Ethynodiol Diacetate tricks the body processes into thinking that ovulation has already occurred, by maintaining high levels of the synthetic progesterone. This prevents the release of eggs from the ovaries."	Binds to the progesterone and estrogen receptors. Target cells include the female reproductive tract, the mammary gland, the hypothalamus, and the pituitary. Once bound to the receptor, progestins like Ethynodiol Diacetate will slow the frequency of release of gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) from the hypothalamus and blunt the pre-ovulatory LH (luteinizing hormone) surge.
DCC0234	Amantadine	CAS:768-94-5	C10H17N	small molecule	approved	151.2487	For the chemoprophylaxis, prophylaxis, and treatment of signs and symptoms of infection caused by various strains of influenza A virus. Also for the treatment of parkinsonism and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions.	"Amantadine is an antiviral drug which also acts as an antiparkinson agent, for which it is usually combined with L-DOPA when L-DOPA responses decline (probably due to tolerance). It is a derivate of adamantane, like a similar drug rimantadine. The mechanism of action of amantadine in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions is not known. It has been shown to cause an increase in dopamine release in the animal brain, and does not possess anticholinergic activity."	The mechanism of its antiparkinsonic effect is not fully understood, but it appears to be releasing dopamine from the nerve endings of the brain cells, together with stimulation of norepinephrine response. It also has NMDA receptor antagonistic effects. The antiviral mechanism seems to be unrelated. The drug interferes with a viral protein, M2 (an ion channel), which is needed for the viral particle to become uncoated once it is taken inside the cell by endocytosis.
DCC0235	Metronidazole	CAS:443-48-1	C6H9N3O3	small molecule	approved	171.154	For the treatment of anaerobic infections and mixed infections, surgical prophylaxis requiring anaerobic coverage, Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea and colitis, Helicobacter pylori infection and duodenal ulcer disease, bacterial vaginosis, Giardia lamblia gastro-enteritis, amebiasis caused by Entamoeba histolytica, acne rosacea (topical treatment), and Trichomonas infections.	"Metronidazole, a synthetic antibacterial and antiprotozoal agent of the nitroimidazole class, is used against protozoa such as <i>Trichomonas vaginalis</i>, amebiasis, and giardiasis. Metronidazole is extremely effective against anaerobic bacterial infections and is also used to treat Crohn's disease, antibiotic-associated diarrhea, and rosacea."	Metronidazole is a prodrug. Unionized metronidazole is selective for anaerobic bacteria due to their ability to intracellularly reduce metronidazole to its active form. This reduced metronidazole then covalently binds to DNA, disrupt its helical structure, inhibiting bacterial nucleic acid synthesis and resulting in bacterial cell death.
DCC0232	Quinidine	CAS:56-54-2	C20H24N2O2	small molecule	approved	324.4168	For the treatment of ventricular pre-excitation and cardiac dysrhythmias	Quinidine, a hydantoin anticonvulsant, is used alone or with phenobarbital or other anticonvulsants to manage tonic-clonic seizures, psychomotor seizures, neuropathic pain syndromes including diabetic neuropathy, digitalis-induced cardiac arrhythmias, and cardiac arrhythmias associated with QT-interval prolongation.	Quinidine acts on sodium channels on the neuronal cell membrane, limiting the spread of seizure activity and reducing seizure propagation. The antiarrhythmic actions are mediated through effects on sodium channels in Purkinje fibers. Quinidine may also act on the slow inward calcium current (ICa), the rapid (IKr) and slow (IKs) components of the delayed potassium rectifier current, the inward potassium rectifier current (IKI), the ATP-sensitive potassium channel (IKATP) and Ito.
DCC0233	Repaglinide	CAS:135062-02-1	C27H36N2O4	small molecule	approved	452.5857	As an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.	Insulin secretion by pancreatic beta cells is partly controlled by cellular membrane potential. Membrane potential is regulated through an inverse relationship between the activity of cell membrane ATP-sensitive potassium channels (ABCC8) and extracellular glucose concentrations. Extracellular glucose enters the cell via GLUT2 (SLC2A2) transporters. Once inside the cell, glucose is metabolized to produce ATP. High concentrations of ATP inhibit ATP-sensitive potassium channels causing membrane depolarization. When extracellular glucose concentrations are low, ATP-sensitive potassium channels open causing membrane repolarization. High glucose concentrations cause ATP-sensitive potassium channels to close resulting in membrane depolarization and opening of L-type calcium channels. The influx of calcium ions stimulates calcium-dependent exocytosis of insulin granules. Repaglinide increases insulin release by inhibiting ATP-sensitive potassium channels in a glucose-dependent manner.	Repaglinide activity is dependent on the presence functioning beta cells and glucose. In contrast to sulfonylurea insulin secretatogogues, repaglinide has no effect on insulin release in the absence of glucose. Rather, it potentiates the effect of extracellular glucose on ATP-sensitive potassium channel and has little effect on insulin levels between meals and overnight. As such, repaglinide is more effective at reducing postprandial blood glucose levels than fasting blood glucose levels and requires a longer duration of therapy (approximately one month) before decreases in fasting blood glucose are observed. The insulinotropic effects of repaglinide are highest at intermediate glucose levels (3 to 10 mmol/L) and it does not increase insulin release already stimulated by high glucose concentrations (greater than 15 mmol/L). Repaglinide appears to be selective for pancreatic beta cells and does not appear to affect skeletal or cardiac muscle or thyroid tissue.
DCC0144	Linezolid	CAS:165800-03-3	C16H20FN3O4	small molecule	approved	337.3461	For the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible strains of vancomycin resistant <i>Enterococcus faecium</i>, <i>Staphylococcal aureus</i> (methicillin resistant and susceptible strains), <i>Streptococcus pneumoniae</i>, <i>Streptococcus pyogenes</i>, <i>Streptococcus agalactiae</i>.	Linezolid is a synthetic antibacterial agent of a new class of antibiotics, the oxazolidinones, which has clinical utility in the treatment of infections caused by aerobic Gram-positive bacteria. The in vitro spectrum of activity of linezolid also includes certain Gram-negative bacteria and anaerobic bacteria. Susceptible organisms include methicillin- and vancomycin-resistant staphylococci, vancomycin-resistant enterococci, penicillin-resistant pneumococci and anaerobes. Oxazolidinones inhibit protein synthesis by binding at the P site at the ribosomal 50S subunit. Resistance to other protein synthesis inhibitors does not affect oxazolidinone activity, however rare development of oxazolidinone resistance cases, associated with 23S rRNA alterations during treatment have been reported. Linezolid inhibits bacterial protein synthesis through a mechanism of action different from that of other antibacterial agents; therefore, cross-resistance between linezolid and other classes of antibiotics is unlikely.	Linezolid is a synthetic antibacterial agent of the oxazolidinone class of antibiotics. It has in vitro activity against aerobic Gram positive bacteria, certain Gram negative bacteria and anaerobic microorganisms. It selectively inhibits bacterial protein synthesis through binding to sites on the bacterial ribosome and prevents the formation of a functional 70S-initiation complex. Specifically, linezolid binds to a site on the bacterial 23S ribosomal RNA of the 50S subunit and prevents the formation of a functional 70S initiation complex, which is an essential component of the bacterial translation process. The results of time-kill studies have shown linezolid to be bacteriostatic against enterococci and staphylococci. For streptococci, linezolid was found to be bactericidal for the majority of strains. Linezolid is also a reversible, nonselective inhibitor of monoamine oxidase. Therefore, linezolid has the potential for interaction with adrenergic and serotonergic agents.
DCC0145	Bisoprolol	CAS:66722-44-9	C18H31NO4	small molecule	approved	325.443	For management of heart failure, angina pectoris, and mild to moderate hypertension and for secondary prevention of myocardial infarction (MI).	Bisoprolol is a competitive, cardioselective beta1-adrenergic antagonist. Activation of beta1-receptors (located mainly in the heart) by epinephrine increases heart rate and the blood pressure causing the heart to consume more oxygen. beta1-adrenergic blocking agents such as bisopolol lower the heart rate and blood pressure and may be used to reduce workload on the heart and hence oxygen demands. They are routinely prescribed in patients with ischemic heart disease. In addition, beta1-selective blockers prevent the release of renin, a hormone produced by the kidneys causes constriction of blood vessels. Bisoprolol is lipophilic and exhibits no intrinsic sympathomimetic activity (ISA) or membrane-stabilizing activity.	Bisoprolol selectively blocks catecholamine stimulation of beta1-adrenergic receptors in the heart and vascular smooth muscle. This results in a reduction of heart rate, cardiac output, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and possibly reflex orthostatic hypotension. At higher doses (e.g. 20 mg and greater) bisoprolol may competitively block beta2-adrenergic receptors in bronchial and vascular smooth muscle causing bronchospasm and vasodilation.
DCC0146	Amodiaquine	CAS:86-42-0	C20H22ClN3O	small molecule	approved	355.861	For treatment of acute malarial attacks in non-immune subjects.	Amodiaquine, a 4-aminoquinoline similar to chloroquine in structure and activity, has been used as both an antimalarial and an anti-inflammatory agent for more than 40 years. Amodiaquine is at least as effective as chloroquine, and is effective against some chloroquine-resistant strains, although resistance to amodiaquine has been reported. The mode of action of amodiaquine has not yet been determined. 4-Aminoquinolines depress cardiac muscle, impair cardiac conductivity, and produce vasodilatation with resultant hypotension. They depress respiration and cause diplopia, dizziness and nausea.	The mechanism of plasmodicidal action of amodiaquine is not completely certain. Like other quinoline derivatives, it is thought to inhibit heme polymerase activity. This results in accumulation of free heme, which is toxic to the parasites. The drug binds the free heme preventing the parasite from converting it to a form less toxic. This drug-heme complex is toxic and disrupts membrane function.
DCC0147	Rifabutin	CAS:72559-06-9	C46H62N4O11	small molecule	approved	847.0047	For the prevention of disseminated <i>Mycobacterium avium</i> complex (MAC) disease in patients with advanced HIV infection.	Rifabutin is an antibiotic that inhibits DNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity in susceptible cells. Specifically, it interacts with bacterial RNA polymerase but does not inhibit the mammalian enzyme. It is bactericidal and has a very broad spectrum of activity against most gram-positive and gram-negative organisms (including <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i>) and specifically <i>Mycobacterium tuberculosis</i>. Because of rapid emergence of resistant bacteria, use is restricted to treatment of mycobacterial infections and a few other indications. Rifabutin is well absorbed when taken orally and is distributed widely in body tissues and fluids, including the CSF. It is metabolized in the liver and eliminated in bile and, to a much lesser extent, in urine, but dose adjustments are unnecessary with renal insufficiency.	Rifabutin acts via the inhibition of DNA-dependent RNA polymerase in gram-positive and some gram-negative bacteria, leading to a suppression of RNA synthesis and cell death.
DCC0181	Lisinopril	CAS:83915-83-7	C21H31N3O5	small molecule	approved	405.4879	For the treatment of hypertension and symptomatic congestive heart failure. May be used in conjunction with thrombolytic agents, aspirin and/or beta-blockers to improve survival in hemodynamically stable individuals following myocardial infarction. May be used to slow the progression of renal disease in hypertensive patients with diabetes mellitus and microalbuminuria or overt nephropathy.	Lisinopril is an orally active ACE inhibitor that antagonizes the effect of the RAAS. The RAAS is a homeostatic mechanism for regulating hemodynamics, water and electrolyte balance. During sympathetic stimulation or when renal blood pressure or blood flow is reduced, renin is released from the granular cells of the juxtaglomerular apparatus in the kidneys. In the blood stream, renin cleaves circulating angiotensinogen to ATI, which is subsequently cleaved to ATII by ACE. ATII increases blood pressure using a number of mechanisms. First, it stimulates the secretion of aldosterone from the adrenal cortex. Aldosterone travels to the distal convoluted tubule (DCT) and collecting tubule of nephrons where it increases sodium and water reabsorption by increasing the number of sodium channels and sodium-potassium ATPases on cell membranes. Second, ATII stimulates the secretion of vasopressin (also known as antidiuretic hormone or ADH) from the posterior pituitary gland. ADH stimulates further water reabsorption from the kidneys via insertion of aquaporin-2 channels on the apical surface of cells of the DCT and collecting tubules. Third, ATII increases blood pressure through direct arterial vasoconstriction. Stimulation of the Type 1 ATII receptor on vascular smooth muscle cells leads to a cascade of events resulting in myocyte contraction and vasoconstriction. In addition to these major effects, ATII induces the thirst response via stimulation of hypothalamic neurons. ACE inhibitors inhibit the rapid conversion of ATI to ATII and antagonize RAAS-induced increases in blood pressure. ACE (also known as kininase II) is also involved in the enzymatic deactivation of bradykinin, a vasodilator. Inhibiting the deactivation of bradykinin increases bradykinin levels and may further sustain the effects of lisinopril by causing increased vasodilation and decreased blood pressure.	There are two isoforms of ACE: the somatic isoform, which exists as a glycoprotein comprised of a single polypeptide chain of 1277; and the testicular isoform, which has a lower molecular mass and is thought to play a role in sperm maturation and binding of sperm to the oviduct epithelium. Somatic ACE has two functionally active domains, N and C, which arise from tandem gene duplication. Although the two domains have high sequence similarity, they play distinct physiological roles. The C-domain is predominantly involved in blood pressure regulation while the N-domain plays a role in hematopoietic stem cell differentiation and proliferation. ACE inhibitors bind to and inhibit the activity of both domains, but have much greater affinity for and inhibitory activity against the C-domain. Lisinopril, one of the few ACE inhibitors that is not a prodrug, competes with ATI for binding to ACE and inhibits and enzymatic proteolysis of ATI to ATII. Decreasing ATII levels in the body decreases blood pressure by inhibiting the pressor effects of ATII as described in the Pharmacology section above. Lisinopril also causes an increase in plasma renin activity likely due to a loss of feedback inhibition mediated by ATII on the release of renin and/or stimulation of reflex mechanisms via baroreceptors.
DCC0182	Homatropine Methylbromide	CAS:80-49-9	C17H24BrNO3	small molecule	approved	370.281	Used in conjunction with antacids or histamine H2-receptor antagonists in the treatment of peptic ulcers, gastric ulcers and duodenal ulcers, to reduce further gastric acid secretion and delay gastric emptying.	Homatropine methylbromide belongs to the group of medicines called anti-muscarinics. Homatropine is used to treat duodenal or stomach ulcers or intestine problems. It can be used together with antacids or other medicine in the treatment of peptic ulcer. It may also be used to prevent nausea, vomiting, and motion sickness.	Homatropine is a quaternary ammonium muscarinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. The muscarinic acetylcholine receptor mediates various cellular responses, including inhibition of adenylate cyclase, breakdown of phosphoinositides and modulation of potassium channels through the action of G proteins. Homatropine methylbromide inhibits the muscarinic actions of acetylcholine on structures innervated by postganglionic cholinergic nerves as well as on smooth muscles that respond to acetylcholine but lack cholinergic innervation. These postganglionic receptor sites are present in the autonomic effector cells of the smooth muscle, cardiac muscle, sinoatrial and atrioventricular nodes, and exocrine glands. Depending on the dose, anticholinergics may reduce the motility and secretory activity of the gastrointestinal system, and the tone of the ureter and urinary bladder and may have a slight relaxant action on the bile ducts and gallbladder.
DCC0183	Pralidoxime	CAS:6735-59-7	C7H9N2O	small molecule	approved	137.1592	For the treatment of poisoning due to those pesticides and chemicals of the organophosphate class which have anticholinesterase activity and in the control of overdosage by anticholinesterase drugs used in the treatment of myasthenia gravis.	Pralidoxime is to reactivate cholinesterase (mainly outside of the central nervous system) which has been inactivated by phosphorylation due to an organophosphate pesticide or related compound. The destruction of accumulated acetylcholine can then proceed, and neuromuscular junctions will again function normally. Pralidoxime also slows the process of aging of phosphorylated cholinesterase to a nonreactivatable form, and detoxifies certain organophosphates by direct chemical reaction. The drug has its most critical effect in relieving paralysis of the muscles of respiration. Because pralidoxime is less effective in relieving depression of the respiratory center, atropine is always required concomitantly to block the effect of accumulated acetylcholine at this site. Pralidoxime relieves muscarinic signs and symptoms, salivation, bronchospasm, etc., but this action is relatively unimportant since atropine is adequate for this purpose.	Pralidoxime is an antidote to organophosphate pesticides and chemicals. Organophosphates bind to the esteratic site of acetylcholinesterase, which results initially in reversible inactivation of the enzyme. Acetylcholinesterase inhibition causes acetylcholine to accumulate in synapses, producing continuous stimulation of cholinergic fibers throughout the nervous systems. If given within 24 hours after organophosphate exposure, pralidoxime reactivates the acetylcholinesterase by cleaving the phosphate-ester bond formed between the organophosphate and acetylcholinesterase.
DCC0211	Loperamide	CAS:53179-11-6	C29H33ClN2O2	small molecule	approved	477.038	For the control and symptomatic relief of acute nonspecific diarrhea and of chronic diarrhea associated with inflammatory bowel disease or gastroenteritis. Also used for reducing the volume of discharge from ileostomies.	Loperamide is a synthetic anti-diarrheal indicated for the control and symptomatic relief of acute nonspecific diarrhea and of chronic diarrhea associated with inflammatory bowel disease. Loperamide is also indicated for reducing the volume of discharge from ileostomies. In man, Loperamide prolongs the transit time of the intestinal contents. It reduces the daily fecal volume, increases the viscosity and bulk density, and diminishes the loss of fluid and electrolytes. Tolerance to the antidiarrheal effect has not been observed. Loperamide is an opioid receptor agonist and acts on the mu opioid receptors in the myenteric plexus large intestines; it does not affect the central nervous system like other opioids. It works specifically by decreasing the activity of the myenteric plexus which decreases the motility of the circular and longitudinal smooth muscles of the intestinal wall. This increases the amount of time substances stay in the intestine, allowing for more water to be absorbed out of the fecal matter. Loperamide also decreases colonic mass movements and suppresses the gastrocolic reflex.	In vitro and animal studies show that Loperamide acts by slowing intestinal motility and by affecting water and electrolyte movement through the bowel. Loperamide inhibits peristaltic activity by a direct effect on the circular and longitudinal muscles of the intestinal wall. It is a non-selective calcium channel blocker and binds to opioid mu-receptors. Evidence also suggests that at higher concentrations it binds to calmodulin.
DCC0209	Diazepam	CAS:439-14-5	C16H13ClN2O	small molecule	approved	284.74	Used in the treatment of severe anxiety disorders, as a hypnotic in the short-term management of insomnia, as a sedative and premedicant, as an anticonvulsant, and in the management of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.	Diazepam, a benzodiazepine, generates the same active metabolite as chlordiazepoxide and clorazepate. In animals, diazepam appears to act on parts of the limbic system, the thalamus and hypothalamus, and induces calming effects. Diazepam, unlike chlorpromazine and reserpine, has no demonstrable peripheral autonomic blocking action, nor does it produce extrapyramidal side effects; however, animals treated with diazepam do have a transient ataxia at higher doses. Diazepam was found to have transient cardiovascular depressor effects in dogs. Long-term experiments in rats revealed no disturbances of endocrine function. Injections into animals have produced localized irritation of tissue surrounding injection sites and some thickening of veins after intravenous use.	Benzodiazepines bind nonspecifically to benzodiazepine receptors which mediate sleep, affects muscle relaxation, anticonvulsant activity, motor coordination, and memory. As benzodiazepine receptors are thought to be coupled to gamma-aminobutyric acid-A (GABA<sub>A</sub>) receptors, this enhances the effects of GABA by increasing GABA affinity for the GABA receptor. Binding of GABA to the site opens the chloride channel, resulting in a hyperpolarized cell membrane that prevents further excitation of the cell.
DCC0210	Brompheniramine	CAS:86-22-6	C16H19BrN2	small molecule	approved	319.239	For the treatment of the symptoms of the common cold and allergic rhinitis, such as runny nose, itchy eyes, watery eyes, and sneezing.	Brompheniramine is an antihistaminergic medication of the propylamine class. It is a first-generation antihistamine. In allergic reactions an allergen interacts with and cross-links surface IgE antibodies on mast cells and basophils. Once the mast cell-antibody-antigen complex is formed, a complex series of events occurs that eventually leads to cell-degranulation and the release of histamine (and other chemical mediators) from the mast cell or basophil. Once released, histamine can react with local or widespread tissues through histamine receptors. Histamine, acting on H<sub>1</sub>-receptors, produces pruritis, vasodilatation, hypotension, flushing, headache, tachycardia, and bronchoconstriction. Histamine also increases vascular permeability and potentiates pain. Brompheniramine is a histamine H1 antagonist (or more correctly, an inverse histamine agonist) of the alkylamine class. It provides effective, temporary relief of sneezing, watery and itchy eyes, and runny nose due to hay fever and other upper respiratory allergies.	Brompheniramine works by acting as an antagonist of the H1 histamine receptors. It also functions as a moderately effective anticholingeric agent, likely an antimuscarinic agent similar to other common antihistamines such as diphenhydramine. Its effects on the cholinergic system may include side-effects such as drowsiness, sedation, dry mouth, dry throat, blurred vision, and increased heart rate.
DCC0212	Clofazimine	CAS:2030-63-9	C27H22Cl2N4	small molecule	approved	473.396	For the treatment of lepromatous leprosy, including dapsone-resistant lepromatous leprosy and lepromatous leprosy complicated by erythema nodosum leprosum.	"Clofazimine exerts a slow bactericidal effect on <i>Mycobacterium leprae</i> (Hansen's bacillus). Clofazimine inhibits mycobacterial growth and binds preferentially to mycobacterial DNA. Clofazimine also exerts antiinflammatory properties in controlling erythema nodosum leprosum reactions. Clofazimine is highly lipophilic and tends to be deposited predominantly in fatty tissue and in cells of the reticuloendothelial system. It is taken up by macrophages throughout the body. Measurement of the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) of clofazimine against leprosy bacilli in vitro is not yet feasible. In the mouse footpad system, the multiplication of M.leprae is inhibited by introducing 0.0001%- 0.001% clofazimine in the diet. Although bacterial killing may begin shortly after starting the drug, it cannot be measured in biopsy tissues taken from patients for mouse footpad studies until approximately 50 days after the start of therapy."	Appears to preferentially bind to mycobacterial DNA leading to disruption of the cell cycle and eventually kills the bacterium. It may also bind to bacterial potassium transporters, thereby inhibiting their function. Lysophospholipids have been found to mediate the activity of this drug.
DCC0236	Buprenorphine	CAS:52485-79-7	C29H41NO4	small molecule	approved	467.6401	For the treatment of moderate to severe pain, peri-operative analgesia, and opioid dependence.	"Buprenorphine is a synthetic opioid analgesic and thebaine derivative, with a longer duration of action than morphine. Buprenorphine interacts predominately with the opioid mu-receptor. These mu-binding sites are discretely distributed in the human brain, spinal cord, and other tissues. In clinical settings, buprenorphine exerts its principal pharmacologic effects on the central nervous system. Its primary actions of therapeutic value are analgesia and sedation. Buprenorphine may increase the patient's tolerance for pain and decrease the perception of suffering, although the presence of the pain itself may still be recognized. In addition to analgesia, alterations in mood, euphoria and dysphoria, and drowsiness commonly occur. Buprenorphine depresses the respiratory centers, depresses the cough reflex, and constricts the pupils. Pharmacological effects peaks at 15 minutes and persists for 6 hours or longer when given intramuscularly. When given intravenously, the time to onset and peak effect are shortened."	"Buprenorphine's analgesic effect is due to partial agonist activity at mu-opioid receptors. Buprenorphine is also a kappa-opioid receptor antagonist. The partial agonist activity means that opioid receptor antagonists (e.g., an antidote such as naloxone) only partially reverse the effects of buprenorphine. The binding to the mu and kappa receptors results in hyperpolarization and reduced neuronal excitability. Furthermore, buprenorphine slowly dissociates from its receptor. This observation would account for the longer duration of action compared to morphine, the unpredictability of its reversal by opioid antagonists, and its low level of manifest physical dependence. Its receptor fixation half life is 40 minutes which is significantly longer than morphine (milliseconds)."
DCC0237	Famotidine	CAS:76824-35-6	C8H15N7O2S3	small molecule	approved	337.445	For the treatment of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD).	Famotidine, a competitive histamine H<sub>2</sub>-receptor antagonist, is used to treat gastrointestinal disorders such as gastric or duodenal ulcer, gastroesophageal reflux disease, and pathological hypersecretory conditions. Famotidine inhibits many of the isoenzymes of the hepatic CYP450 enzyme system. Other actions of Famotidine include an increase in gastric bacterial flora such as nitrate-reducing organisms.	Famotidine binds competitively to H<sub>2</sub>-receptors located on the basolateral membrane of the parietal cell, blocking histamine affects. This competitive inhibition results in reduced basal and nocturnal gastric acid secretion and a reduction in gastric volume, acidity, and amount of gastric acid released in response to stimuli including food, caffeine, insulin, betazole, or pentagastrin.
DCC0238	Misoprostol	CAS:59122-46-2	C22H38O5	small molecule	approved	382.5341	Indicated for the treatment of ulceration (duodenal, gastric and NSAID induced) and prophylaxis for NSAID induced ulceration.Misoprostol is also indicated for other uses that are not approved in Canada, including the medical termination of an intrauterine pregnancy used alone or in combination with methotrexate,as well as the induction of labour in a selected population of pregnant women with unfavourable cervices. This indication is avoided in women with prior uterine surgery or cesarean surgery due to an increased risk of possible uterine rupture. Misoprostol is also used for the prevention or treatment of serious postpartum hemorrhage.	Misoprostol is a prostaglandin E1 (PGE1) analogue used for the treatment and prevention of stomach ulcers. When administered, misoprostol stimulates increased secretion of the protective mucus that lines the gastrointestinal tract and increases mucosal blood flow, thereby increasing mucosal integrity. It is sometimes co-prescribed with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) to prevent the occurrence of gastric ulceration, a common adverse effect of the NSAIDs.	Misoprostol seems to inhibit gastric acid secretion by a direct action on the parietal cells through binding to the prostaglandin receptor. The activity of this receptor is mediated by G proteins which normally activate adenylate cyclase. The indirect inhibition of adenylate cyclase by Misoprostol may be dependent on guanosine-5&rsquo;-triphosphate (GTP). The significant cytoprotective actions of misoprostol are related to several mechanisms. These include: 1. Increased secretion of bicarbonate, 2. Considerable decrease in the volume and pepsin content of the gastric secretions, 3. It prevents harmful agents from disrupting the tight junctions between the epithelial cells which stops the subsequent back diffusion of H<sup>+</sup> ions into the gastric mucosa, 4. Increased thickness of mucus layer, 5. Enhanced mucosal blood flow as a result of direct vasodilatation, 6. Stabilization of tissue lysozymes/vascular endothelium, 7. Improvement of mucosal regeneration capacity, and 8. Replacement of prostaglandins that have been depleted as a result of various insults to the area. Misoprostol has also been shown to increase the amplitude and frequency of uterine contractions during pregnancy via selective binding to the EP-2/EP-3 prostanoid receptors.
DCC0239	Salmeterol	CAS:89365-50-4	C25H37NO4	small molecule	approved	415.5656	For the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).	Salmeterol is a long acting beta2-adrenoceptor agonist (LABA), usually only prescribed for severe persistent asthma following previous treatment with a short-acting beta agonist such as salbutamol and is prescribed concurrently with a corticosteroid, such as beclometasone. The primary noticable difference of salmeterol to salbutamol is that the duration of action lasts approximately 12 hours in comparison with 4-6 hours of salbutamol. When used regularly every day as presecribed, inhaled salmeterol decreases the number and severity of asthma attacks. However, it is not for use for relieving an asthma attack that has already started. Inhaled salmeterol works like other beta 2-agonists, causing bronchodilatation by relaxing the smooth muscle in the airway so as to treat the exacerbation of asthma. Salmeterol is similar in action to formoterol, however formoterol has been demonstrated to have a faster onset of action than salmeterol as a result of a lower lipophilicity, and has also been demonstrated to be more potent - a 12 &micro;g dose of formoterol has been demonstrated to be equivalent to a 50 &micro;g dose of salmeterol.	"Salmeterol's long, lipophilic side chain binds to exosites near beta(2)-receptors in the lungs and on bronchiolar smooth muscle, allowing the active portion of the molecule to remain at the receptor site, continually binding and releasing. Beta(2)-receptor stimulation in the lung causes relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle, bronchodilation, and increased bronchial airflow."
DCC0148	Imatinib	CAS:152459-95-5	C29H31N7O	small molecule	approved	493.6027	For the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome positive chronic myeloid leukemia (Ph+ CML), Ph+ acute lymphoblastic leukaemia, myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative diseases, aggressive systemic mastocytosis, hypereosinophilic syndrome and/or chronic eosinophilic leukemia (CEL), dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans, and malignant gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST).	Imatinib is an antineoplastic agent used to treat chronic myelogenous leukemia. Imatinib is a 2-phenylaminopyrimidine derivative that functions as a specific inhibitor of a number of tyrosine kinase enzymes. In chronic myelogenous leukemia, the Philadelphia chromosome leads to a fusion protein of Abl with Bcr (breakpoint cluster region), termed Bcr-Abl. As this is now a continuously active tyrosine kinase, Imatinib is used to decrease Bcr-Abl activity.	Imatinib mesylate is a protein-tyrosine kinase inhibitor that inhibits the Bcr-Abl tyrosine kinase, the constitutive abnormal tyrosine kinase created by the Philadelphia chromosome abnormality in chronic myeloid leukemia (CML). It inhibits proliferation and induces apoptosis in Bcr-Abl positive cell lines as well as fresh leukemic cells from Philadelphia chromosome positive chronic myeloid leukemia. Imatinib also inhibits the receptor tyrosine kinases for platelet derived growth factor (PDGF) and stem cell factor (SCF) - called c-kit. Imatinib was identified in the late 1990s by Dr Brian J. Druker. Its development is an excellent example of rational drug design. Soon after identification of the bcr-abl target, the search for an inhibitor began. Chemists used a high-throughput screen of chemical libraries to identify the molecule 2-phenylaminopyrimidine. This lead compound was then tested and modified by the introduction of methyl and benzamide groups to give it enhanced binding properties, resulting in imatinib.
DCC0149	Triamcinolone	CAS:124-94-7	C21H27FO6	small molecule	approved	394.4339	"Triamcinolone is used to treat allergies, skin conditions, ulcerative colitis, and arthritis. "	Triamcinolone and its derivatives are synthetic glucocorticoids that are used for their antiinflammatory or immunosuppressive properties.	The antiinflammatory actions of corticosteroids are thought to involve lipocortins, phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins which, through inhibition of arachidonic acid, control the biosynthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes. Firstly, however, these glucocorticoids bind to the glucocorticoid receptors which translocate into the nucleus and bind DNA (GRE) and change genetic expression both positively and negatively. The immune system is suppressed by corticosteroids due to a decrease in the function of the lymphatic system, a reduction in immunoglobulin and complement concentrations, the precipitation of lymphocytopenia, and interference with antigen-antibody binding.
DCC0150	Efavirenz	CAS:154598-52-4	C14H9ClF3NO2	small molecule	approved	315.675	Efavirenz is used along with other medications to treat human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection.	Efavirenz (dideoxyinosine, ddI) is an oral nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI). It is a synthetic purine derivative and, similar to zidovudine, zalcitabine, and stavudine. Efavirenz was originally approved specifically for the treatment of HIV infections in patients who failed therapy with zidovudine. Currently, the CDC recommends that Efavirenz be given as part of a three-drug regimen that includes another nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (e.g., lamivudine, stavudine, zidovudine) and a protease inhibitor or efavirenz when treating HIV infection.	"Similar to zidovudine, efavirenz inhibits the activity of viral RNA-directed DNA polymerase (i.e., reverse transcriptase). Antiviral activity of efavirenz is dependent on intracellular conversion to the active triphosphorylated form. The rate of efavirenz phosphorylation varies, depending on cell type. It is believed that inhibition of reverse transcriptase interferes with the generation of DNA copies of viral RNA, which, in turn, are necessary for synthesis of new virions. Intracellular enzymes subsequently eliminate the HIV particle that previously had been uncoated, and left unprotected, during entry into the host cell. Thus, reverse transcriptase inhibitors are virustatic and do not eliminate HIV from the body. Even though human DNA polymerase is less susceptible to the pharmacologic effects of triphosphorylated efavirenz, this action may nevertheless account for some of the drug's toxicity."
DCC0151	Bacitracin	CAS:1405-87-4	C66H103N17O16S	small molecule	approved	1422.693	"For the treatment of infants with pneumonia and empyema caused by staphylococci shown to be susceptible to the drug. Also used in ointment form for topical treatment of a variety of localized skin and eye infections, as well as for the prevention of wound infections. Used against gram positive bacteria. Bacitracin is also used as an inhibitor of proteases and other enzymes. However, specific activity of bactracin's inhibition of protein disulfide isomerase has been called into question."	"Bacitracin is a mixture of related cyclic polypeptides produced by organisms of the licheniformis group of <i>Bacillus subtilis var</i> Tracy. As a polypeptide, toxic, and difficult to use chemical, bacitracin doesn't work well orally, however is very effective topically. Bacitracin exerts pronounced antibacterial action in vitro against a variety of gram-positive and a few gram-negative organisms. However, among systemic diseases, only staphylococcal infections qualify for consideration of bacitracin therapy."	Bacitracin intereferes with the dephosphorylation of the 55-carbon, biphosphate lipid transport molecule C55-isoprenyl pyrophosphate (undecaprenyl pyrophosphate), which carries the building blocks of the peptidoglycan bacterial cell wall outside the inner membrane for construction. Bacitracin binds divalent transition metal ions (Mn(II), Co(II), Ni(II), Cu(II), and Zn(II)) which binds and oxidatively cleave DNA.
